________________

Robert Smith
Certified Victim Advocate
Phone (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
Certified Victim Advocate seeking a Legal Advocate position in where the skills and knowledge can be used and enhanced to the fullest. To serve the organization with the knowledge and also enhance the skills to have a growth in the same with a long term commitment is the objective. The motive is to be a part of the organization with a willingness to accept responsibilities and achieve challenging goals
SKILLS
Bilingual, Microsoft Office, Management, Leadership Development, Security, Training & Development
WORK EXPERIENCE
Certified Victim Advocate
Victim Outreach Inc. - 2015-2019
•Provide liaison and coordination between multiple Police Departments, mental health professions, rape crisis centers, and case follow-up.
⚫Reviews and assesses violent crime reports as reported to the police by crime victims,
witnesses, etc.
⚫ Contacts victims of violent crimes (particularly domestic violence); provide information regarding the legal process, resources (l.e. shelter care, treatment and education programs, legal assistance, financial aid), and investigation process.
⚫ Keeps statistical records of victim contacts. Assists clients in filling out and filing protective orders.
⚫ Attend protective order hearings and other court proceedings with the client.
• Provides emotional support and crisis intervention for victims of crime.
• Obtain restitution information from victims and provide alternate means for the victim to be compensated for damages incurred as a result of criminal behavior.
Victim Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2010-2015
• Accompany victims to court proceedings and informs victims about their constitutional and statutory mandated victims rights.
•Ensure proper case documentation for victims services using both a paper-based and
"
computer automated case management system.
Maintains statistical records on victims served and services provided.
Assist in the delivery, explanation, and follow-up of victim impact statements.
Keep victims informed of proceedings with the criminal justice system.
• Serves as a liaison between Victims, Prosecution and Court Staff.
• Assesses victim needs and acts as a resource for community service referrals.
EDUCATION
B.S. in Family Studies & Human Development/Thematic - August 2005 (University of Arizona)
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
