________________

E-mail: info@qwikresume.com
ROBERT SMITH
Health Advocate
Phone: (0123)-456-789
SUMMARY
Responsible for increasing patient engagement through direct member outreach in the community, including in hospitals, sub-acute facilities, long-term care settings, and door to door canvassing of eligible patients.
SKILLS
Health Education And Promotion, Health Research, Development.
Health Advocate
WORK EXPERIENCE
Finger Lakes Community Health - October 2013-2020
⚫ Notified parents of accident or illness and secure medical care for students in emergency cases Administer medications according to district policy.
Identify innovative strategies to enroll patients into the Landmark Health program.
⚫ Develop the relationship between Landmark and hospital personnel, patients, physicians, community organizations, retirement communities, assisted living, primary care, and skilled nursing facilities
• Coordinate meetings with community providers, home health providers, facility discharge planners, and health plan case managers; including preparation and delivery of presentations.
⚫ Uses critical thinking skills to create outreach strategies that are designed to maximize patient awareness and registration into Landmark &rsquo;s program.
Leverage reporting and dashboards to prioritize telephonic and field-based outreach to members.
• Ensured each Early Head Start pregnant woman receives prenatal care through regular medical care, and oral health examination, and prenatal classes.
Health Advocate
Delta Corporation-2012-2013
In training for a health advocate position and able to assist large employer groups with member benefits and also claims issues.
■ Skills Used Able to handle out of the ordinary calls.
■ Routed proper paperwork to all parties involved with the care of individuals Communicated all future medical, to include medicine needs to Hospital.
⚫ Receives inbound calls and routes to the correct individual, inform members of tests or screenings that may be due.
. With head start I did a few different positions.
As a sub I assisted the teacher in what was needed to be done.
⚫ Switched to a nutritional aide and helped the cook cooking for 2 classes rooms and transporting the food to the toddler room and helped them with the meals.
This Eres Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
