________________

Customer Service Advocate
ROBERT SMITH
Phone: (123) 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com
LinkedIn:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama.
Objective
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong organizational skills, educational background, and ability to work well with people with the skills I have obtained in Human development, customer service, and public relations.
Skills
Communication, Multi-Tasking, Phone, Time Management, Interpersonal, Customer Service, Organization, Planning, Adaptability
Work Experience
Customer Service Advocate
ABC Corporation - January 2016 - Present
⚫Help guide and educate customers about the fundamentals and benefits of consumer-driven health care topics to include managing their health and well-being by selecting the best benefit plan options, maximizing the value of their health plan benefits and choosing a quality care provider.
Research complex issues across multiple databases and work with support resources to resolve customer issues and partner with others to resolve escalated issues provide education and status on previously submitted pre-authorizations or pre-determination requests. •Review and research assigned claims by navigating multiple computer systems and platforms and accurately capturing the data/information necessary for processing.
• Ensure that the proper benefits are applied to each claim by using the appropriate processes and procedures.
⚫ Claims processing policies and procedures, grievance procedures, state mandates,
cms/medicare guidelines, benefit plan documents/ certificates).
⚫ Complete on a daily basis all data entry required to document and communicate the status of claims as needed adhering to all reporting requirements,
⚫ Communicate and collaborate with members and providers to resolve claims issues, using clear, simple language to ensure understanding.
Customer Service Representative
ABC Corporation - December 2014 - April 2015
⚫ Researches benefits and claims inquiries through the claims processing system and other informational sources.
Responds to customers, groups, and provider questions through telephone contact and written communication using proper grammar, punctuation, etiquette, etc.
⚫ Enters modifies and adjusts claims and eligibility information in the system.
"
"
Reviews and prepares orthodontics and complex service claims for processing.
Makes benefit determinations using renaissances/delta dental processing guidelines.
Reviews subscribers coverage to determine type and level of benefits as well as compare radiographs with treatment plans.
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines
