________________

ROBERT SMITH
Client Advocate
Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY
To obtain a position where my professional skills and experience with computer systems, data entry, records management, office procedures, and customer service will aid management in maintain consistency, standardization, and premier auditing ability.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Client Advocate
ABC Corporation - June 2013 October 2013
Key Deliverables:
Encouraged a structured environment centered on work and meaningful daily activity for individuals with mental illness and co-occurring substance abuse.
• Engaged in a proactive, recovery-focused plan and provided education on daily living skills.
• Ensured medication was properly distributed and logged in.
• Completed progress notes, service plans, and other clinical paperwork.
• Worked with other staff members in order to help individualize treatment and maintain progress according to residents needs.
• Providing individual support, counseling, family involvement, and using various types of psychotherapy.
⚫ Assisted staff in facilitating house meetings and group activities.
Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2011-2013
Key Deliverables:
• Provided advocacy for victims of sexual assault and domestic violence through in-office crisis counseling and safety planning
Provided telephone counseling and helped run 24-hour crisis hotline
• Provided legal accompaniment to Family Courts and helped clients with obtaining orders of protection against their batterer
⚫ Accompanied clients to Department of Social Services to help with emergency financial assistance and assistance with obtaining an apartment
•Worked in concert with domestic violence shelters in the nearby area to help victims in desperate need of shelter away from their batterer
⚫ Ran weekly support groups with former and current victims of domestic abuse
• Gave presentations to other agencies and medical professionals in the area regarding signs of domestic and sexual assault as well as ways to best serve those clients.
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
