________________

Robert Smith Student Advocate
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
To obtain a Student Advocate position within an organization that will allow me the opportunity to maximize my potential by integrating my support expertise with all phases of business.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Student Advocate
BTS Overage Academy August 2013-2015
Responsibilities:
• Facilitated social and emotional groups with high school and middle school students, in the BTS Overage Academy, Utilizes Aggression Replacement, the therapy model.
• Assisted the teacher with behavior management support when needed. • Collaborated with the teachers, Deans, and other Admin staff in order to increase the programs ability to effectively support the student population.
• Provided referrals for additional counseling when needed.
• Make dally notations regarding student progress.
• Implemented on-site social/emotional educational groups and provides individual counseling using the brief Therapy model.
• Provided one on one counseling to identify concerns and develop action plans Improved self-esteem of students who were not confident in their academic capabilities Managed a caseload of students, consisting of special needs, special education, gifted and talented students Completed data entry using ETO database As a Student Advocate ! worked with one on one with some challenging student.
Student Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2010 - 2013
Responsibilities:
⚫ NY Provided holistic representation, serving indigent clients in court from arraignment through dismissal, trial or disposition, and addressing. • Provide representation for New York City residents in procedural and administrative law proceedings in the areas of public assistance, Medicaid/.
• Provide legal representation for undocumented minors who have been apprehended and placed into federal custody by the Department of Homeland Security.
• Manage a caseload of 25-30 students and ensure their academic, social, and personal success Schedule and participate in school visits, meetings with.
•Provide guidance, mentorship, and advisement to 17-25 high school junior and senior participants to help develop their educational goals. • Identified warning signs of emotional and developmental problems through one-on-one assessments.
Designed curriculums and led discussion groups on college and college
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
SKILLS
Microsoft Office Proficient, Advocating Skills, Problem Solving Skills.
LANGUAGES English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)
INTERESTS Climbing Snowboarding Cooking
Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 (Company Name) Reference 2 (Company Name)
