________________

Robert Smith
Member Advocate II
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Dedicated Customer Service Representative who provides exceptional customer service through active listening and problem solving. Call Center Representative with expertise providing customer support in high call volume environments. Exceptional computer aptitude and telephone etiquette.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Member Advocate II
ABC Corporation - April 2012 November 2013
Responsibilities:
• Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.
• Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to ten calls in queue per minute.
Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally.
• Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking purposes.
• Accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service issues.
• Managed customer calls effectively and efficiently in a complex, fast- paced and challenging call center environment.
• Referred unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.
Member Advocate
Delta Corporation 2008-2012.
Responsibilities:
Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound and outbound customer calls.
• Answered a constant flow of customer calls with up to ten calls in queue per minute.
Addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally.
⚫ Gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking purposes.
• Accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service issues.
• Mastery of customer service management systems and databases.
• Managed customer calls effectively and efficiently in a complex, fast- paced and challenging call center environment.
Education
High School Diploma in General Studies - (Wendell High School - Wendell, ID)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
SKILLS
Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word.
LANGUAGES
English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference - 1 (Company
Name)
Reference - 2 (Company Name)
