________________

Robert Smith
Member Advocate
Phone (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
Research and litigation to organizing and communications, and utilizes all mechanisms for supporting those communities, including movement lawyering strategies.
SKILLS
MS Office, Management.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Member Advocate
Regal Medical Group - June 2014-2020
⚫ Educates Member on the role of Regal Medical Group and Advocate Program.
• Introduces member to case management and care team Provide service recovery by facilitating members needs by working directly with appropriate staff.
• Presents and reviews pertinent health related information with member, including post- discharge instructions, urgent care referrals, and welcome information for new members.
• Assists assigned members with post-discharge needs.
Assists patients with various appointments and scheduling.
• Maintains routine communications with members providing timely follow-up to ensure resolution of issues.
• Provides an accurate capture of health information while in the members home and provides clear and effective documentation of all visits to the Interdisciplinary Care Tearn.
Member Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2013-2014
• Worked on an auto-dialer or manually dial members as identified by the clinical quality team to remind members of a gap in their care according to.
⚫ Followed a calling anatomy to connect with the members and establish a trusting relationship. while utilizing job aids and critical thinking skills,
• Responsible for the resolutions of escalated member calls that are received.
Included connecting members with community resources, assisting members to locate a specialist, supporting the intake and resolution of appeals and
• Manage up to 200 member services tickets daily using ZenDesk Respond to member issues with expediency, accuracy and professionalism Took point on
⚫ Taking inbound calls for new and existing customers. Providing with doctor information network availability and requirements.
⚫ Guest service, payment processing and filing bankruptcy claims.
EDUCATION
Bachelors of Arts in Psychology - (Argosy University - Costa Mesa, CA)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
