________________

Victim Advocate Manager ROBERT SMITH
Phone: (123) 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com
LinkedIn:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama.
Objective
Victim Advocate Manager possessing an extensive background in successful customer service management, leadership experience, and communication skills. Self-motivated and confident in taking initiative to solve problems independently or with a team in order to achieve goals and deadlines. To develop a vision and work sincerely with the mission assigned to one in an organization involving challenge, tearnwork and good working environment.
Skills
Powerpoint, Public Speaking, Microsoft, Counseling, Crisis Intervention, Data Entry, Customer Service, Detail Oriented.
Work Experience
Victim Advocate Manager
City of Evanston- Evanston Police Department - 2008-2019
• Prepare Orders of Protection for victims of domestic battery; provided support and advocacy throughout the court process.
Work closely with detectives on criminal investigations, explain to victims the investigative process and provide support to the victim during interviews with the detective and the Assistant States Attorney.
Serve as a liaison between the detectives, Assistant States Attorney and the victim.
. Share 24-hour on-call rotation with other advocates and respond to a multitude of crisis calls including but not limited to sexual assaults, death investigations, robberies, and domestic batteries.
Collaborate with community agencies and other advocates as part of several committees and coalitions.
• Provide presentations to organizations on domestic violence and sexual assaults.
⚫ Utilize several different databases to gather court information, police report data and document work completed.
Victim Advocate Volunteer
ABC Corporation - 2003 - 2008
• Work directly with victims of dating violence, domestic violence, and sexual assault as a result of domestic violence.
⚫ Responsible for the overall progress and well being of both residents and non-residents seeking services through the Noah Project.
⚫Receive crisis calls and provide immediate crisis intervention for all victims of dating violence, domestic violence, and sexual assault as a result of domestic violence.
⚫ Determine eligibility of services and/or give referral sources.
"
Complete intakes on residents and non-residents, as well as perform resident exit interviews as required.
Conduct consistent advocacy and regularly scheduled client casework sessions for Noah Project clients, including women, children, and men.
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
