________________

Robert Smith
Health Advocate
SUMMARY
Phone (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
Secure a position within a Corporation that offers career growth, and in an environment that is team oriented that is conducive to learning and challenges to achieve departmental standards and goals.
SKILLS
Customer Service, Medical Software and Computer Working on Multiple Windows, Operating Systems.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Health Advocate
ABC Corporation - August 2012 May 2015
• Provided residents with basic health needs, over-the-counter medications, thermometers, condoms, Band-Aids, and so forth to handle minor health and first-aid related
problems/concerns.
• Advocated good health to the residents living in the residence halls including planned programs to promote healthy living.
.
Gained valuable experience working with people who need my help in all areas of their life and have been trained on how to utilize resources for residents as needed.
• Responsible for writing articles as well as editing articles written by fellow Health Advocates. Provided them with doctor prescribed medications or customized topical compound cream.
Performed outbound calls to prospects for health and wellness activities offered by their employer group and helping them better understand.
Scheduled and Transported individuals with Developmental disabilities to medical appointments.
Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2010-2012
• Consistently exhibits behavior and communication skills that demonstrate Opturn&rsquo;s commitment to superior customer service, including quality, care and concem with each and every internal and external customer.
Serves as a primary point of contact between patient and health care team to anticipate and appropriately address patient questions and concerns.
⚫ Confirms patient understanding of primary care physician (PCP) assignment and educates patient on available tools, resources, appropriate and new services available.
Conducts patient outreach to facilitate patient understanding of healthcare systems and services through the use of standardized scripts including mailings of welcoming packages, needed materials and thank you letters.
⚫ Initiates data gathering through record review and telephonic outreach to complete timely and accurate documentation of appropriate care management forms for selected patient population.
•Ensures timely outreach to selected patient population and provides hand-off to care manager.
⚫ Utilizes motivational interviewing techniques, facilitates communication with patient/ caregiver for program engagement.
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
