________________

Advocate Supervisor
ROBERT SMITH
Phone: (123) 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com
Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
Objective
10 years circulating experience with various surgeries including but not limited to: vascular, orthopedies, general surgeries, ENT, gynecology, and urology, familiarity with most equipment used in the OR.
Skills
Documentation Of Goals And Other Information For Clients, Word Processing, Power Point, Excel.
Work Experience
Advocate Supervisor
ABC Corporation - September 2011 - September 2013
⚫ Non-Profit Organization, On-call 24/7, documentation, working with other service providers Advocate - Parent and Youth, working with at risk children, youth, foster children and parents and parents with disabilities.
⚫ Work directly and indirectly with clients and families, paperwork and crisis intervention.
⚫ Work on specific skills and needs with each family and individual client.
• Maintain a professional relationship with each individual client and high standards of confidentiality for each client.
• Maintain duties of mandate reporter and maintain communication with direct supervisor. •Work directly with parents and youth in their homes, at YAP office and community services. Work with Community Resources with clients to help with strength based goal setting.
•
Advocate
DIVISION OF YOUTH AND FAMILY - 2006-2011
⚫ Newark, New Jersey 1987 to Present Special Home Care Provider Providing healthcare for Foster Care Unit of the State of New Jersey
• Provided quality child care for 13 children, working with medical insurance and benefits, helping substance abuse families in crisis with children born HIV+, providing structured support in my home
• Creating and maintaining a structured environment
• Coordinating medical visits, and abiding by all HIPAA laws
⚫ Advocate for what is believed to be in the best interest of the children
• Participate in decisions about medical treatment for child (and family)
⚫ Advocate for services and support from the community.
Education
Bachelor's in Community and Human Service with a concentration in Family and disability services - 2010(Empire State College - Saratoga Springs, NYJAS in Early Childhood Education - 2006(SUNY Canton - Canton, NY)
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
