________________

Human Resource Advocate
ROBERT SMITH
Phone: (123) 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com
LinkedIn:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama.
Objective
I teach yoga to help empower my students, so they may learn to appreciate their bodies. I encourage self-love in order to grow and mature both mentally and physically. I use yoga to guide all of my students to a peace of mind by fostering a space of acceptance to just be.
Skills
Basecamp Project Management, Harvest Time Tracking Software, At Task Project Management, Allscripts Practice Management, Strata Call Manager, MIKAL, Microsoft Office, And QuickBooks. Work Experience
Human Resource Advocate
City Square-2015 - Present
• Provide nonprofit support for 10,000+ Denver-area familes.
.
Secure funding through grant writing and funding application support Communicate with diverse populations.
.
⚫Address daily needs by understanding perspectives and providing solutions.
.
Exercise discretion and confidentiality.
Advocate for funding and services by making connections and providing outreach programs that educate and secure community support.
Support operation efforts, including compliance with regulations, and representing the agency at various public events.
Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2014-2015
⚫ Huntsville, Texas Assume responsibility for 6 students with autism and severe communication delays for kindergarten through 4th grade in a self-contained, structured classroom
• Supervise one instructional assistant
⚫ Advocate for each students need
• Provide academic accommodations and modifications as well as teach social and functional skills
• Practice applied behavior analysis methods to teach academics and compliance
⚫ Teach functional communication using vocal, sign language, augmentative communication devices, and PECS
⚫ Create and administer the STAAR Alternate State of Texas Assessment.
Education
BA in Journalism-2004 (DePaul University - Chicago, IL)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines
