________________

Robert Smith
Health Advocate
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Innovative professional with a diverse background in education and customer service includes organizational development, understanding self and others, as well as demonstrating commitment and resiliency in different types of work settings. Proficiently identify actual and potential problem areas quickly and implementing solutions in adherence to company/agency procedures maintaining quality within a specified time
lines.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Health Advocate
ABC Corporation - March 2006 August 2013
Responsibilities:
• Provided Health and safety support services to children, parents and staff of State Preschool, School Readiness, Cal-Safe and Family Childcare Programs by providing informational materials on various health topics and hosting parent education classes.
• Collaborated with school staff, partner agencies, medical professionals and volunteers to assist in hearing, vision and dental screenings at yearly health fair.
• Collected data and advised family of those results and made referrals for those children identified as having a health concern.
Provided case management or interventions designed to promote health, prevent illness and address barriers to access to health care and was responsible for updating files in order to document familys utilization and retention in each health insurance program.
• Attended community outreach events throughout Santa Barbara county offering information on low-cost health insurance and establishing outstation support services in order to better assist families with initial application or Annual Eligibility Renewal for Healthy Families/Healthy Kids/Medi-Cal.
• Participated and conducted Healthy Kids Eligibility and Enrollment training to other applicant assistants.
⚫ Screened families to determine eligibility for Cal-Fresh and assist with on-line application or quarterly reports.
Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2003-2006
Responsibilities:
• Claims processing, customer service, benefit questions, claims research.
• Conducted research on eczema and teen depression.
Conducted a talk on Teen Depression at The Youth Dreamers House. • Assisted in organizing the school supply drive at The House of Ruth. • Assisted in organizing the clothing drive at Pauls Place Received an award for most friendly employee.
• Was selected to be a Peer Health Advocate and was trained to handle
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
SKILLS
MS Office, Administrative Tasks, Answering Phones, Setting Appointments, Filing. Record Keeping. Creating Spreadsheets Such As Quick Reference.
LANGUAGES
English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 (Company Name) Reference 2 (Company Name)
