________________

Robert Smith
Patient Financial Advocate
SUMMARY
Phone (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
As a Patient Financial Advocate, responsible for assisting all scheduled CPUP and HUP outpatient patients, assess and ultimately resolve their financial situations, prior to receiving treatment, especially those who are uninsured, underinsured, and have low incomes.
SKILLS
Microsoft Office, Patient Care, Medical Records.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Patient Financial Advocate
ABC Corporation - July 2009 February 2014
• Reviewed daily census/worklist to identify self pay patients to complete assessments with patients for financial assistance through charity programs and/or state Medicaid programs.
• Knowledgeable in current government financial assistance programs like Wisconsin and Illinois Medicaid, and Crime victims.
• Collected required documentation from patients to support applications submitted for review to state agencies by the online web site or faxing the application to proper departments. Had communication with patients, hospital staff, and other agencies to maintain updates on the process of the application or information that was needed.
Initiated Social Security application process for Social Security Disability and Supplemental Security Income.
⚫ Assisted in training all of the new-hires by providing side-by-side guidance and providing exceptional assistance when needed.
Experienced with Emdeon and other eligibility programs for verifying insurances.
Patient Financial Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2007-2009
.
Coordinate admissions process Provides support in assisting patients and family members Promote patient satisfaction, serving as a liaison on behalf.
• Knowledge of patient registration, verifying demographics, and provide patients with technical and specialized financial payment arrangements prior.
Able to utilize computer applications such as MS4, passport, crane-ware, QMS, MS Word,
Excel, Publisher and Outlook, Interview, and provide patients.
Discuss financial matters with the patient or representatives, and carry duties with sensitivity and caring while still achieving account resolution.
⚫ Duties Included Managing patient accounts, setting up patients on payment plans, collecting outstanding balances and copays, working insurance aging..
• Assist patients to obtain government assistance for medical care.
• Evaluated the patients financial status and established appropriate payment plans and sliding fee scales,
EDUCATION
BA
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
