________________

Summary
Gianna Daniels
1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010
Cell: (555) 322-7337 example-email@example.com
Motivated Crop Applicator experienced in peak and off-peak operations. Safely handle all chemicals and proficiently complete tasks. Flexible schedule and clean driving record with ability to travel.
Highlights
• Good communication abilities
Regulatory compliance
⚫ Always on time
Highly accurate Efficient
Experience
Wilton Growers
Crop Applicator
New Cityland, CA
⚫ HAZMAT chemical knowledge
Safety-conscious
. Can life 75+ pounds
. Basic math skills
• Reliable
Handle, blend, and deliver seeds to correct farm locations.
⚫ Mix and prepare chemicals and fertilizers for application. Apply fertilizer and agricultural chemicals to crops.
Run various machinery including sprayer and row crop liquid machines.
Complete daily vehicle inspections and cleaning.
Manage supply inventory, track usages, and request new stock.
Roswald Growers Association
Crop Applicator
Roswald, ID
Arrived at all job sites on time and ready to work.
January 2013 to Current
May 2008 to December 2012
Performed pre-inspection of equipment and supplies before beginning each job.
⚫ Updated logs and completed paperwork accurately and in a timely manner.
Properly applied all products for plant protection and fertilization.
Inspected equipment and performed repairs as needed.
Assisted with warehouse duties as needed to maintain operations.
Followed all company standards, safe handling practices, and government regulations at all times. Pershing Farms
Applicator Trainee
Canton, SD
Safely operated sprayers, floaters, and other heavy equipment.
⚫ Accurately spread fertilizers and sprayed crop protection products. Maintained rolling stock and ensured equipment stayed ready for use. Performed plant preventative maintenance techniques.
Certifications and Licenses
CDL License with Hazmat Endorsement
Qualified Applicator's Certification
August 2006 to April 2008
