________________

Summary
Highlights
Experience July 2010
to
Current
Riley Willis
1 Main Street
New Cityland, CA 91010
M: (555) 322-7337 example-email@example.com
Forestry Technician who emphasizes efficiency and precision in all operations. Data management and analysis expert. Comfortable working in all seasons and willing to work a flexible schedule.
Stream monitoring
⚫ Invasive species knowledge ⚫ Sustainable forestry techniques
⚫ Data interpretation and analysis • Construction
Independent Forestry Management Company Forestry Technician
Extensive native plants knowledge
• Persuasive communicator
Valid California driver's license Basic mathematical ability • Self-starter
⚫ Estimate standing timber volumes with a 95% accuracy rate.
New Cityland, CA
⚫ Track production costs and progress and report results to management each month.
⚫ Delineate forest, wetland, and stream management zones.
• Identify tree species and mapped stand strata.
Manage forestry activity contracts and payments.
Inspect timber operations sites and ensure compliance with regulations.
November 2007 Department of Agriculture
to
May 2010
June 2003
to
October 2007
Education
2003
Forestry Technician
• Developed recreational use plans for public areas.
New Cityland, CA
⚫ Researched options, investigated data, and made recommendations.
• Acted as a liaison between the Department of Agriculture and outside companies and organizations.
• Operated motorized vehicles and equipment such as 4x4s.
• Stabilized skid trails, roads, and stream crossings.
Bureau of Land Management
Forestry Technician
• Oversaw design and execution of timber harvest and sales.
New Cityland, CA
• Drafted, negotiated, and administered contracts for forestry management of planting, thinning, site preparation, and disease control projects.
• Planned pest control initiatives and coordinate implementation of programs to detect, collect, identify, and control forest pests.
Sequoia University
Bachelor of Science: Forestry
New Cityland, CA
