________________

Summary
Ryder Ray
1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010
Cell: (555) 322-7337 example-email@example.com
Conscientious Farm Manager with expertise in land management, crop growth, and equipment maintenance. Proficient at keeping costs low and yields high. Able to utilize limited materials and human resources in creative ways to accomplish farm goals.
Highlights
Inventory control Crop management
• Purchasing
Land preparation
. Thinning
Experience Wanaka Farms
Farm Manager
Machinery upkeep
• In-depth plant and soil knowledge
• Harvesting
• Regulatory compliance
⚫ Team leadership
August 2009 to Current
Whittier, CA
• Continuously improve farm yield through implementation of process, laborer, and crop improvements.
⚫ Source outside vendors for crop protection applications and equipment repair.
• Maintain farm inventory of equipment and supplies and make purchase decisions.
⚫ Hire and recruit talented farm hands for permanent, daily, and seasonal work.
• Ensure fields are properly planted, thinned, and irrigated.
Devise updated harvesting strategies based on latest trends and information. Establish and monitor budgets for all farm areas.
Currently working to introduce more organic practices into farm procedures.
Coulson Farms Farm Manager
Whittier, KS
February 2005 to July 2009
• Managed equipment to ensure optimal performance with routine maintenance. • Performed minor and intermediate repairs directly.
Made decisions on new equipment purchases and service needs. Trained new farm hands on equipment usage and maintenance. Initiated safety improvements that reduced incidents to near zero.
Coulson Farms
Assistant Farm Manager
Whittier, KS
May 2002 to October 2005
• Lead meetings with all farm laborers and team leaders to coordinate goals and provide information.
⚫ Reorganized workloads to improve morale and productivity.
• Oversaw field cultivations, crop thinning, and trellising. Helped with harvests and coordinated shipment schedules. Supervised farm inventory and purchased new supplies.
