________________

Robert Smith
Sr. Farm Manager
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Worked as a professional draft horse trainer for the last 17 years showing horses throughout the United States and Canada. As a Farm Manager I had to prioritize daily tasks, and then do the work as I was the only employee. I also was able to put my problem solving skills to use often as in the farming industry you can not predict what animals or the weather would throw at you for the day. Looking for a career change to be able to work locally to be with my family more.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Sr. Farm Manager
ABC Corporation July 2012 March 2016
Responsibilities.
• Demonstrate or explain working techniques, practices, or safety regulations to farm or ranch workers.
• Determine types or quantities of crops or livestock to be raised, according to factors such as market conditions, federal programs or incentives, or soil conditions.
⚫ Direct livestock or crop waste recycling operations.
Direct the breeding or raising of stock, such as cattle, poultry, or honeybees, using recognized breeding practices to ensure stock improvement.
• Evaluate marketing or sales altematives for farm or ranch products. • Inspect farm or ranch structures, such as buildings, fences, or roads, ordering repair or maintenance activities, as needed.
• Monitor pasture or grazing land use to ensure that livestock are properly fed or that conservation methods, such as rotational grazing, are used.
Farm Manager
Cottle Organics- 2011-2012
Responsibilities:
• Collaborated with buyers to set up orders of produce and prevent
management and delivery problems.
• Assisted in delivery of products to buyers.
• Analyzed farm needs; order and kept stock of fertilizer, chemicals, seed, packaging containers, and cleaning, supplies.
• Conducted food safety training for 25 employees.
Obtained USDA GAP food safety certification for the company.
• Provided direct assistance of harvesting, washing, packaging, and distributing product.
Managed employees on their day to day duties and paid employees..
Education
SKILLS
Microsoft Office, Cross Selling, Sales, Cash Handling, Telephone Skills.
LANGUAGES English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)
INTERESTS Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 (Company Name)
Reference 2 (Company Name)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
