________________

Andrew Williamson
Accountant
Dayjob.com, Street Birmingham B18
0123 456 7890
info@dayjob.com
Facebook.com/your name
CAREER
ACCOUNTANT 2015-Present
ACCOUNTANT 2014-2015
ACCOUNTANT 2013-2014
ACCOUNTANT 2012-2013
Company name
Location
Involved in working within a financial accounting team and responsible for preparing, examining, and analyzing accounting records, financial statements, and other financial reports. Reporting to senior managers regarding the company's finances.
• Reporting to managers on the company's finance. • Advising on the financial implications of decisions. • Detecting & preventing company financial fraud. • Liaising with internal and external auditors.
Location
Company name Accurately and promptly processing documentation. Preparing monthly reconciliations of balance sheet accounts. Supporting senior management in specific investigations into departmental management accounts. Dealing with any financial irregularities.
Company name
Location
Preparing annual financial statements. Carrying out any other accounting related duties as assigned by the Accounting management. Collecting raw financial data. Conducting regular business reviews.
Company name
Location
Developing policy for company treasury. Preparing standard accounting reports and summaries for financial analysis. Supporting team members on all accounting issues. Reviewing the company's finances.
University name
ACADEMIC
2006-2009
Course details More details
2004-2006
2000-2004
Course details More details Course details Maths (A)
College name
School name
English (B)
Geography (C)
PROFILE
A highly organized, detail orientated and dependable professional who has the ability to apply her accounting knowledge and experience to a diverse range of financial issues. Andrew is a hard-working, dedicated and ambitious Accountant who possesses strong theoretical and practical knowledge of generally accepted accounting principles. He has a track record of making a direct impact on operations.
PRO SKILLS
Ability to effectively present financial data and information to all levels. Knowledge of liquidity and financial risk monitoring procedures and processes.
Being accurate under pressure and can remain focused on minute details.
Technical knowledge of both national and global accounting principles.
PER SKILLS
Always the first to volunteer for difficult projects that other staff may shy away from. Not afraid to stand up to wrong doing and if necessary prepared to challenge others.
Never giving up on a task half way through and instead always seeing it to the end.
REFERENCES
Available on request.
Twitter.com/name
in Linkedin.com/name
