________________

JESSE KENDALL 123 Elm Street, Miami, FL 33183, 305-555-5555
APPAREL RETAIL SALES
Driven apparel retail professional with solid experience in customer service and staff supervision. Extensive history in providing excellent service and tenacious follow-up. Reputation for displaying professionalism and high levels of integrity as a front-line corporate representative. Proven ability to deliver results quickly.
STORE MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE
ABC Clothier, Miami, FL
SALE
20xx-20xx
Store Manager: Managed markdowns, purchase orders, invoicing, cash reconciliation, and inventory control. Updated stock and evaluated customer buying habits through computerized sales data analysis. Planned fashion shows and developed business alliances to attract new customers. Identified and shopped competition. Effectively led teams of up to 28 employees within an extremely fast paced environment; hired and scheduled sales associates. Directed promotions, store events, and seminars; conducted fashion shows and make over workshops.
Took over retail operation and cultivated program to train sales associates.
Attended New York shows for apparel buying selection and positioned pricing for gross margin targets. Effectively developed vendor relationships and ensured timely delivery of merchandise.
Demonstrated creative skills with recognized window displays and in-store layout for buying appeal.
Developed highly effective marketing campaigns such as fliers at local events, involvement in the community, and coupons to up-sell the customer.
BCD Stores, Miami, FL
20xx - 20xx
Store Manager: Managed daily retail operations of this $2 million, 25-employee apparel store. Executed corporate-driven initiatives, promotions, and policies. Supervised merchandising and loss-control strategies. Ensured superior customer service and employee morale.
Consistently achieved financial objectives, including sales goals and shrink reduction.
Developed several associates to management positions, earning a reputation as a skilled coach and mentor.
CDE Apparel, Miami, FL
20xx - 20xx RETAIL STORE MANAGER: Managed a high-volume sales location. Oversaw daily operations, staff, facilities, and inventory. Devised sales-tracking systems and innovative contests to create a highly competitive sales environment. Attracted new business with community associations locally.
Played a key role in a 21% average productivity increase per sales rep over previous year. Exceeded plan by 138% in 20xx. Increased gross activations by 23% over the previous year.
Eamed Store of the Month honors on numerous occasions for sales and compliance excellence.
EDUCATION
Coursework in Accounting, Business, and Purchasing⚫ XYZ Community College - 3.8 GPA
Trained in Public Speaking: CDE Apparel
Technical proficiencies include: MS Access, Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint; QuickBooks; Quicken
