________________

Robert Smith
Senior Accountant
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Dedicated Accountant with over 10 years of experience and proficiencies in account management, flow, reporting, and across many business areas. Business experience in financial analysis and management. Attention to detail in client management, evaluating economic and business trends, completion of financial details, and organizational skills. Results oriented leader with process management skills to complete tasks within budget and on time. Adept at financial review, research, and analysis in a fast paced environment.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Accountant
ABC Corporation - January 2011 - Present
Responsibilities:
• Performing general accounting and financial activities including journal entry preparation and posting as well as account analysis and accrual/reserve analysis.
• Developing financial statements including balance sheet, income statement and cash flow.
• Continuously monitoring all financial and statistical reports for accurate completion of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) financial statement.
• Preparing financial and business related analysis and research in such areas as financial and expense performance, rate of return, depreciation, working capital, and investments.
• Working closely with other finance teams and with other departments to receive, retrieve and consolidate data and ensure data integrity in reporting.
• Analyzing monthly department budgeting and accounting reports to maintain expenditure controls.
• Consolidating monthly reporting packages, forecasts, and annual budgets and analyze trends in revenue, expense, capital expenditures, and other related areas.
Accountant
ABC Corporation July 2007 December 2010
Responsibilities:
• Reviewed, analyzed, processed and maintained accounting and financial transactions and records to ensure operational quality and efficiency measures are achieved.
• Performed a variety of accounting functions that supported organization-wide operations and maintained the accuracy of general and expenditure ledgers and financial systems.
Accomplished daily and monthly receiving of bank deposits and subsequent cash and billing adjustments to corresponding accounts. • Assisted with invoicing, processing payments and resolving collection issues.
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
SKILLS
Quickbooks, Microsoft Office, ADP Payroll, ProSystem Fx Tax, CCH Practice Management, Abacus Accounting
LANGUAGES
English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)
INTERESTS Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference - 1 (Company Name)
Reference - 2 (Company
Name)
