________________

Robert Smith Clothing Sales Associate
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com
www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
A sociable, focused and well-presented Clothing Sales Associate with 3 years of experience who has a track record of putting the client first in both a retail and clinical setting, delivering results and holding high standards. Clearly articulates objectives, encourages clients to be accountable on the path to success.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Clothing Sales Associate
Spellbound Vermont - September 2014 - January 2015
Responsibilities:
• Working as part of an upbeat sales team in a fashion boutique setting.
• Responsible for helping assist customers with selecting clothing, jewelry, and accessories.
• Maintaining a safe environment for employees and customers by making sure items were placed on display or put out correctly on a daily basis.
Serving large lines of customers in a quick and efficient manner when the store is about to close or has closed.
• Creating the seasonal clothing displays, including dressing and arranging mannequins.
• In charge of opening and closing the store, while managing the cash register, including customer returns.
• Welcoming each customer into the store, while assisting to all of his or her needs.
Co-Owner
Make It Happen Strength & Conditioning - April 2012 - September 2014
Responsibilities:
• Looked up items making special orders, transferred from one store to the next, stocking the shelves with new products, pricing and checking prices making sure they are correct.
• Welcomed and assisted all clients while demonstrating exceptional customer service.
• Worked in the fitting room ensuring customers are able to try on garments quickly and comfortably and offered advice on the fit.
• Worked with the store team to share ideas and suggestions to help colleagues, customers, and store performance.
• Replenished the stock against agreed plans, garment care, and folding procedures.
Met individual and store sales targets.
• Effectively communicated the product features and benefits during the selling process.
SKILLS
Communications, Problem Solving, Leadership,
Management, Computer, Customer Service, Answering Phones, Organization
LANGUAGES
English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking
Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 (Company
Name) Reference 2 (Company
Name)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
