________________

Robert Smith Clothing Sales Associate
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna
(123)-456-7899 info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
A friendly, loyal and clearly dedicated Clothing Sales Associate with less than a year of experience who has the ambition to succeed in any given environment. Love to learn and I am always up to challenge whatever the situation. I get along well with others, I also work efficiently on my own. I am seeking a position where I can interact, assist customers/guest/patients,
WORK EXPERIENCE
Clothing Sales Associate
Banana Republic January 2017 October 2017
Responsibilities:
• Responsible for sizing sorting ticketing and theft censoring clothing. • Worked in receiving from customers and was an excellent cashier. • Was a go-to person for customers concerns and questions and helped measure people for suits and other garments as needed.
• Suggested the fashion styles for those in need. Helped train new hires as well as making tasks more manageable throughout the store.
⚫ Kept the store clean and organized on a daily basis.
• Skilled in handling customers at rush hour and collecting payment for sold merchandise.
• Assisted customers in finding proper clothing products to match their next adventure.
Clothing Sales Associate
Budas Boutique - February 2016 November 2016
Responsibilities:
• Handled returns and answering questions about the products, policy, and services.
• Responsible for ensuring exemplary customer service by delivering the ultimate experience.
• Developed a personal clientele through effective use of the selling skills, proactive client outreach and use of client book.
• Communicated the brand aesthetic, brand philosophy and lifestyle to the customer.
• Demonstrated interest and ability to work as part of a team. Accurately processed all POS transactions.
• Adhered to and applied the visual directives, ensured that the store standards are executed daily.
Education
High School Or Equivalent in Diploma - August 2013 to May 2016(Miami Jackson Senior High School - Miami, FL )High School Or Equivalent - ()
SKILLS
Customer Service, Cash Handling, Housekeeping. Microsoft Word, Basic Computer
LANGUAGES
English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 (Company Name) Reference 2 (Company
Name)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
