________________

ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Apparel Manager
Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY
Manager, Apparel design will have their own workload of styles to design each season in addition
to managing the workload of the team.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Creativity, Customer Service.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Jr. Apparel Manager
Sears Hometown Outlet - January 2015-2020
Key Deliverables:
⚫ Enhance the experience of customers by providing proactive support, and resolving customer issues.
• Oversee all apparel processing activities, including unloading merchandise, merchandise preparation, staging, and daily backroom activities.
• Maintaining a personal contribution to productivity on the sales floor.
• Responsible for implementation of apparel merchandising direction, signing direction, and assuring implementation of all communicated apparel standards,
⚫ Coaches Apparel associates on sales floor presentation standards, signing, and selling.
• Implements and follows all apparel sales tracking reports and sales plans,
• Assist in determining and maintaining sales goals, credit goals and SYWR goals for Apparel Associates.
Apparel Manager
Delta Corporation - 2012-2015
Key Deliverables:
⚫Responsible for total operation of Apparel Department of a multi-million dollar Firearms and outdoor supercenter.
• Responsible for sales revenue, receiving, processing, floorset and visual merchandising of Mens, Womens, Childrens and Fieldwear Apparel.
⚫ Team leader for Gander Mountain Rewards Mastercard program and associate development.
• Responsible for cash office, price changes, receiving product and processing for the salesfloor Signing for sales, customer service Manage 3+ people
• Apparel Manager is in charge of all clothing items, placements and design tasks.
⚫ Merchandised apparel via procedure and assisted customers with obtaining needed merchandise.
⚫ Dressed mannequins to market inventory and appeal to customers.
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
