________________

Robert Smith Apparel Manager/ Supervisor
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
The Apparel Manager researches the market, creates the apparel plans, guides product development, and achieves financial targets to ensure the growth and health of our business. This position will manage the Apparel, Pack. Bag, Accessory, and POP product lines for most of our brands.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Apparel Manager/ Supervisor
ABC Corporation
Responsibilities:
December 2010 - February 2011
• Manage the product life cycle for key apparel groups with cross- functional partners, merchandise, design, and planning
⚫ Own overseas product development and production of wovens and denim experience
Maintain detailed calendars and costing tools
• Working closely with design
Negotiate bulk costs with mills and factories
• Work closely with factories and logistics team to ensure timely delivery
• Create and allocate POS for new and replenishment orders
Apparel Manager
Delta Corporation - 2008-2010
Responsibilities:
■
Managed a $5 million department within a $16 million store including all functions sales, operations, Staffing and training, shipment receiving and.
• Promoted from seasonal employee to Apparel Manager in 4 months. • Ran the Nike apparel section and oversaw all apparel projects. Trained new hires..
• Manager of clothing department, including Wrangler, Carhartt, Under Armor, and other national brands.
• Duties include ordering, stocking, display, and all other aspects of the day to day operations of the clothing department.
This department is one of the top-grossing departments in the store, and also among the approximately 80 other stores in the chain.
Education
General Education - 2002(Foothill College - Los Altos, CA)
SKILLS
Communication skills, Creativity.
LANGUAGES
English (Native) French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)
INTERESTS Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 (Company
Name)
Reference 2 (Company
Name)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
