________________

KEVIN A. THOMPSON
199 Fortuna Drive Boston, MA 02111 888-737-3963 info@norwoodconsulting.org
*BUSINESS ENTERPRISE ARCHITECT*
Harness Enterprise Architecture to Ensure a Competitive Advantage for International Corporations in Challenging Markets through Continuous Improvements and integrated Solutions.
Senior business and enterprise architect with extensive experience leading strategic technology framework development, capability mapping, and operating model development projects for Fortune 500 corporations. Successful background partnering with stakeholders to develop architecture frameworks that align strategy, processes, people, and technology with overall business objectives. In-depth experience establishing best practices and guidelines for selecting, developing, and implementing information systems within enterprise. Dedicated change agent constantly in search of faster and better ways of achieving reductions in development cycles and waste, and improved integration, cross-functionality, and standardization of processes and services. Proven expertise in:
Enterprise and Business Architecture
Business Process Engineering
Strategic Planning
IT Risk Governance
High Performance Team Building
Capability Mapping
Information Systems Audits
Organizational Design and Development
EXPERIENCE & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
COVIDIEN, Boston, MA
Business Enterprise Architect
2006 to Present
Provided business process engineering guidance to business analysts, business partners, and process improvement teams that aligned efforts through a strategic technology framework. Facilitated and directed strategy, design, and development of a company-wide Capability Map with conceptual business process landscape. Designed Reference Architecture, Solution Patterns, and standards for Business process and data model integration and reuse. Provided consulting and deployment skills for implementing Zachman Framework. Identified and drafted standards, best practices, training, and methodology to lead Global enterprise towards model-driven analysis. Planned and facilitated process redesign of current SDLC and IT operating model to support an Enterprise Architecture model. Worked closely with Enterprise Life Cycle (ELC) team to incorporate new processes into life cycle methodology.
ENTERPRISE IMPACT:
Implemented Lean Six Sigma Green Belt project to identify, measure, and improve reuse. During six- month project, development time decreased by 50% and achieved $150K in documented savings. Facilitated evolution of Enterprise Reference model and Enterprise Information Services model, including conducting process modeling sessions and aligning with data models and build out architecture views. Provided views to Portfolio owners for Portfolio Rationalization opportunities. Provided a stable framework for developing a business-driven strategic technology framework that aligned all IT initiatives and projects to business goals.
Designed and built an evolving Organization that aligned Strategy to Results for the ongoing curation of Process and Information that aligned to Capability map.
Loaded and maintained ITIL v2 & 3 model central repository for reuse and implementation.
