________________

Robert Smith Architectural Designer II
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
(123)-456-7899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Detail oriented college graduate with strong technical skills and the ability to work with others alongside projects. Looking to apply my education and experience to fit the needs and vision of the firm.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Architectural Designer II ABC Corporation
Responsibilities:
January 2015 May 2016
■ Head of Interior Design department managing a team of interior and product designers reporting to the CEO and founder, with close collaboration with the Production and Logistic departments.
• Develop retail, booth, showrooms and interior design projects overseas. • Draw-up elevations and floor plans, render presentation drawings and furnish interior environments of residential, commercial and industrial buildings.
• Lead projects from the conceptual stage to development until the production of the final construction drawings.
• Deliver consultancy services to clients on interior design factors, such as space planning, layout, and utilization of furnishings, equipment, and color coordination.
• Main contact for clients and suppliers with the capacity to work on several projects in parallel.
• Select Interior materials and finishes. Compose mood boards with relevant images and materials.
Architectural Designer
ABC Corporation - 2011-2015
Responsibilities.
Interior Design - Independently Worked in conjunction with Vision Builders on their Parade of Homes.
•Assisted in the design concepts, the color layouts, materials, furnishings, and artifacts for 12 homes.
Side job for fun & outlet for creative needs.
• Remodeled interior of Long Haul Trucking, Albertville.
Did the build out of the APEX office complex.
• Project manager for the remodel of a bakery and restaurant in St.
■ Michael...
Education
Master's in Architecture - September 2004 (Universitat Internacional de Catalunya - Barcelona, Barcelona)
SKILLS
Rhino 3D, Plaster Mold Making. Fluent Russian, AutoDesk AutoCad, Carpentry. AutoDesk: Revit, Silk Screening, V- Ray, Advance Model Building, Adobe Suite, Microsoft Office, Windows OS, Mac OS..
LANGUAGES
English (Native)
French (Professional) Spanish (Professional)
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 (Company Narne)
Reference 2 (Company
Name)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
