________________

Art Salcedo
10008 Pear Street, Keller, TX 76248
Email: art.salcedo@aa.com Phone (817) 676-4926
Assisted in hiring process through a Taleo software that allows Human Resources to stay organize and saving time on the hiring process by creating foklers for employees that are select for the second interview
Created excelspreadsheet and database that required additional updates and formulas to enhance the process of information without requiring additional calculations
Mar 03 - December 2010, Human Resources Manager, Texas Christian University, Ft Worth TX
Primary responsibilities included overseeing the day to day operations of the Human Resource Department to include staff, training and development, job analysis, accounts payable, security clearances. Used Web Integrated Network Systems to update and maintain personnel data.
Responsible for inspecting ROTC cadet activities for compliance with policies and directives. Reported discrepancies and recommended corrective action.
• Coordinated and prepared disciplinary records to submit to headquarters for ROTC cadets awaiting dismal from AFROTC program.
Accurately prepared and processed USAF Officer Commission Packages. This consisted of reviewing personnel documents, SGLI benefits, emergency data, performing personnel interviews to prepare Officers for USAF assignments.
• Responsible for handling complex pay issues for ROTC cadets.
Thoroughly verified scholarship eligibilities and military retention standards for all Air Force Cadets prior to initiating scholarship payments which ensured that USAF funds were only paid out to eligible cadets.
Co-ordinated 100 plus security clearances per year with the Office of Personnel Management with zero de lays and zero discrepancies.
• Test Control Examiner for Air Force Officer Qualification Test.
■ Assisted cadets with career progression counseling. Escorted cadets to various base assignments abroad and within the United States for career development and foreign language emersion program.
Oversaw the Physical Training Assessment Program for over 70 enlisted cadets per semester.
Supervised three individuals.
May 02-Mar 03, Customer Service Manager, Buckley Air Force Base, Denver, CO
• Responsible for overseeing the DEERS program. Prepared and coordinated citizenship documents to assist aliens enlisted in all military branches to obtain US Citizenship.
Prescreen various ID application and submissions by customers for accuracy, completeness of initial supporting documentation and eligibility for benefits.
Managed correspondence
• Supervised all functions of the Customer Service Unit to include issuing ID cards, accurately inspected customer documents and interviewed customers to ensure accuracy of benefits and eligibility.
• Prepared and issued over 1,000 ID cards per week. Consistently achieved "Outstanding" recognition from customers and superiors for outstanding customer service unit.
Restructured Newcomers Orientation Program.
Performed analysis on complex benefits, pay issues, gratuity pay, arrears pay, social security, government and commercial life insurance.
• Analyzed reports and maintained databases.
⚫ Casualty Assistance Representative. Administered casualty program. Prepared related records and documents.
• Responsible for staff training which resulted in exceptional customer service outcomes.
Nov 99-May 02, Human Resources Relocation Manager, Buckley Air Force Base, Denver,CO
Reviewed and processed passport applications for Civil Service and all military personnel with 99 percent accuracy
rate.
Co-ordinated and conducted briefings on emerging personnel programs which resulted in well informed base populace.
Selected over two managers by Military Personnel Flight Commander to fill a vacant Superintendent position.
