________________

Robert Smith
Senior Accountant
Phone (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
17+ years of experience as a Senior Accountant. Looking to obtain a position which enables me to further enhance my skills in financial management and corporate audit policies and procedures while utilizing my technical knowledge of system functionality, stellar customer service, and interdepartmental collaborative skills in an effort to become a significant asset to the University. SKILLS
Project Management Financial Analysis & Reporting Proficient in Microsoft Office Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote Customer Service Clear Communication, Strong Work Ethic To Aid In Problem Solving, Strong Knowledge Of Financial Auditing, and Account Management.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Accountant
ABC Corporation - February 2005 - Present
Preparing annual operating reports (AOR) as appropriate for federal and/or state aid programs, ensuring accuracy and compliance with applicable regulations.
Assisting in the preparation of the final draft version of the Universitys fiscal operations report and application to participate (FISAP), documenting the Universitys usage of title iv funds. Maintaining, as appropriate, collections activity reports on the federal Perkins loan program and responsible for oversight of related collections activity.
Analyzing Universitys student financial activity in conjunction with the bursar Informing university stakeholders on any and all potential audit risks and compliance exposure as it relates to the administration of internal and extemal funds..
Maintaining an atmosphere of accuracy, compliance and vigilant stewardship of funds in purview.
• Reviews revise and recommend changes to operational policies and procedures as they relate to accounting, reconciliation, disbursements, and cashier.
Administrative Assistant
ABC Corporation - November 2002 - January 2005
• Handled daily assortment of invoices for all company vendors and employees.
"
"
.
Audited employee expense reports ensuring compliance with company procedures and guidelines.
Coordinated travel arrangements and prepared expense reports for employees in
sales/finance department.
Greeted and directed appointments, vendors and office visitors.
Composed, prepared, edited, and distributed correspondence and other department documents.
• Maintained conference rooms calendar for 12 health centers.
• Data entry of MIFS (Multi Purpose Information Forms).
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Psychology (Walden University)Associate Of Applied Science in Law Enforcement (Baltimore City Community College)Diploma- June 2007 (Baltimore City Juvenile Justice Center)
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
