________________

Height: 55"
Eyes: Hazel
Busch Gardens Stars of Tomorrow
MALLORY QUINN
Email: MalloryJQuinn@aol.com, cell: 813-786-0551
Featured Dancer
Major League Team Owner's Conference
National Anthem Sololat
Hair: Long Brunette
Voice Range: Alto-Soprano/Alto-MezzoBelt
Busch Gardens
Tropicana Stadium
Choreography & Directing
Music of the Knight:
The Songs of Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber
Choreographer
Salemo Theater Company
The Wedding Singer
Choreographer
Florida Academy of Performing Arts
Dawson Dance Academy Recital 2018
Choreographer
Dawson Dance Academy
Alice In Wonderland Jr.
Director & Choreographer Dawson Dance Academy
Training:
Awards:
o Blake High School for the Performing Arts: Musical Theatre Major
0
Karl and DiMarco School of Theatre and Dance:
. 8 years ballet, tap, jazz, company member.
。 Mary Jo's Performing Arts Academy:
⚫ 2 years, pointe & hip hop.
2013: Recipient of "Best Actress in a Musical: Eponine, Les Miserables" award, by Plant City Entertainment 2007 State Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Large Group, My Body from "The Life"
2008 State Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Small Group, At the Ballet from "A Chorus Line"
o 2007 Districts Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Small Group, At the Ballet from "A Chorus Line" o 2006 Districts Thespian Competition Critics Cholce Showcase: Large Group, My Body from "The Life" 。 2005 Districts Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Large Group, Mr. Witherspoon from "Lucky Stiff 。 2006 Districts Thespian Competition Superior Rating: Duet, I Know Him So Well from "Chess"
Special Skills:
Technical Theatre experience (deck crew, spotlight, costumes, sound).
。 Extensive experience working with animals from growing up on a horse farm and employment at an animal hospital as a veterinary assistant (2 years).
о
Certified TAGteach (clicker) instructor, and knowledgeable of positive reinforcement trainings for animals and humans.
Published author of research using positive reinforcement training in performing arts domains (dance), in the Journal of Applied Behavior Analysis.
。 Writer and creator of: The POINTE Program (Positive INTerventions to Enhance the Performance of Dancers).
。 Masters in Applied Behavior Analysis
0 Board Certified Behavior Analyst
Formerly member of advanced bandensemble for flute and alto saxophone (2001-2004). Pure Barre Fitness Instructor (employee of Pure Barre Westchase since June of 2014).
Musical Theater and Dance Instructor (employee of Dawson's Dance Academy Westchase since June of 2015).
