________________

Art Salcedo
10008 Pear Street, Keller, TX 76248
Email: art.salcedo@aa.com Phone (817) 676-4926
OBJECTIVE: Seeking employment in Human Resources or related field where I can apply my unique combination of education and successful military work experience to enhance a company's overall performance.
SUMMARY: Experience in Human Resource in the United States Air Force and American Airlines to include human resource systems planning and implementation, job analysis, career counseling, employment relocation, program compliance and job training. Expert at managing government compensation programs. Excellent customer service communication and written skills. Proficient with Microsoft Office 2010 to include: Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access and Outlook. Proficient in People Soft, MilPDS, ARMS,TPS and CMS software. Twenty-one years of supervisory experience.
EXPERIENCE:
Jul 12 - Present, Campus Coordinator, American Airlines, Dallas/Fort Worth Airport, TX
Work with manager and creative services team for the creation of invitations, correspondence and other materials necessary for each college event
Organize tour at DFW for our MBA internship program
Develop meeting and event registration website for the Professional and College Recruitment team
• Maintain and created databases for college recruitment for assigned events including but not limited to: initial
invitation lists, RSVP responses, credential & confirmation mailings, rooming lists, name badges, etc. As well as created data merge with Microsoft Word for invitation letter giving a personal touch to each letter
• Provide documents to hotels and venues on attendance including rooming lists, meals counts, etc. for college conferences and job fairs.
Attend and support on site management of events for MBA, Inte mship and Undergrad events.
• Coordinate volunteers to assist with Habitat for Humanity and the North Tarrant Food Bank for our Internship program.
Process invoices and check requests and track all expenses for college events to include catering events at the schools and American Airlines Headquarters.
Handle distribution on all incoming emails and mail for the college team.
Participate on college team job fairs and conferences for recruiting pilots and college candidates..
• Maintain inventory of all event promotional items in stock in our storage room.
Order and research all promotional items for college recruitment
• Maintain trade show booths and banner stands and other promotional items used by College Recruitment team.
• Responsible for working with department to determine and order all supplies needed for events including name badges, tent cards, lanyards, notebooks, folders, etc.
• Responsible for all candidate expense forms and coordinate, track and follow-up with Finance Department to ensure that candidates are paid.
Jun 11-Jul 2012, Human Resources Assistance, American Airlines, Dallas/Fort Worth Airport, TX
Created new processes to enhance Human Resources by organizing the Chief Officer Operations (COO) process so that the Vice President of DFW Airport can quickly review important cases presented to him and make quick decisions on the outcome.
Created COO checklist that enables Human Resources Specialists to stay consistent with the process and improving the way business is conducted at DFW
Counsel employees on health benefits, pay issues, travel, vacation hours, sick hours, retirement benefits, unemployment benefits, union issues and many other issues relating to Human Resources
Update cases in Case Management Systems so that all managers, Human Resources Specialist, and upper level managements are aware of issues pretending to employees.
Utilize Microsoft Office Calendar and note pad to consistently stay organize and track issues pretending to Human Resources
