________________

Robert Smith Associate Art Director
Phone (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
Expertise in creating clean and engaging design solutions incorporating strong typography and art concepts for publishing, retail, and hospitality industries. Including brand identity, book jacket/interiors (over 75 covers, including celebrity titles), fashion/editorial layouts, brand identity, marketing collateral, merchandising displays.
SKILLS
Publishing, Designing, MS Office Suite.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Associate Art Director
ABC Corporation - January 2003 April 2005
• Led up to 10 designers as well as off-site freelance contractors and illustrators in developing content, marketing, and design for 100+ books annually..
.
.
.
Primary art director in the licensing department to ensure a coherent vision between the client and the organization.
Guaranteed client relationships with prominent licensors were maintained and continually Improved upon.
Directed cross-functional team members in publishing, editorial, sales and marketing, and production to meet tight deadlines,
Forged and maintained strong relationships with prominent licensing contacts MGA and Hasbro by producing licensed formats with long-term success in the marketplace.
⚫ Instructed the design staff in Adobe CS programs which thereby increased their productivity.
• Responsible for creation and management of all promotional materials as well as conceive marketing incentives.
Associate Art Director
Delta Corporation - 1999-2003
• Designed magazine page layouts.
• Created all illustrations, headlines and the general look and feel of the magazine.
• Collected and maintained images for the photo library which was shared throughout the office.
Worked with tight deadlines in a team-oriented environment.
Designer of select covers, fashion features and front-of-book pages in collaboration with Creative Director Katia Kuethe, throughout the 1+ million.
⚫ title, overseen by Conde Nast Artistic Director, Anna Wintour Proposed and implemented new typefaces and refreshed type treatments, as well as
⚫ Designer of front and back-of-book pages, including the management of retouching and color throughout the FOB Instrumental in Spring 2012 magazine-..
EDUCATION
Bachelors in Visual Communications - (SUNY Farmingdale - Farmingdale, NY)
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
