________________

JESSE KENDALL
123 Elm Street College Park, MD 20741 jkendall@notmail.com Home: 301.555.5555. Cell: 301.444.4444
ACCOUNTING SUPERVISOR
SENIOR ACCOUNTANT
Talented accounting professional offering more than ten years of accounting and financial management experience as an in-house and contracted resource for a variety of small and medium sized firms and not-for-profit organizations. Expert in the real estate industry. Business-savvy organizational leader with demonstrated success creating business plans, bookkeeping policies, and revenue-tracking frameworks for start-up ventures. Detail-oriented intemal auditor. Subject matter expert for corporate and personal taxation, legal compliance, and contract administration. Bookkeeping manager fully versed in AP, AR, GL, P&L, and account reconciliation processes. Process innovator effective at identifying opportunities for cost savings and profit maximization.
⚫ Start-Up Operations/Business Plans
+ Real Estate Business Environments
•
Financial Policy Development
• Budgeting/Forecasting
CORE STRENGTHS
⚫ Auditing
⚫ Contract Management
AP/AR/GL & P&L
•
Taxation
Staff Management
New Business Development ⚫ Goal Setting
• Purchasing
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SENIOR ACCOUNTANT, ABC SERVICE AUTHORITY, College Park, MD ⚫ 20xx-Present
Prepare, examine, and analyze complex accounting records, financial statements, and financial reports to ensure accuracy and conformance to reporting and procedural standards. Manage daily and monthly accounting activities. Oversee three staff and review work of several employees within the department. Train new accounting employees.
Notable Accomplishments:
.
.
Streamlined operations and eliminated a manual process by automating reconciliation of daily cash between two software systems. Exported data to an Excel spreadsheet.
Supported the payroll technician; processed payroll, which included hours-to-gross reconciliation, reconciliation of benefits, cutting and issuing payroll checks, and preparing federal and state payroll tax payments.
• Played an integral role in a major accounting software conversion, which included testing, post-deployment training, and implementation.
SENIOR ACCOUNTANT, BCD Enterprises, College Park, MD⚫ 20xx-20xx
Executed bank reconciliation, reconciled investments, and reviewed/posted journal entries in preparation for monthly close. Played a key role in annual audits through preparation of audit schedules and documentation for the CAFR. Served as the "go to" person for procedural and technical questions across the organization.
Notable Accomplishments:
.
.
Studied new software, A/R and accounting software interfaces, and system operations and gained a solid understanding to ensure success.
Devised a new system to analyze data and reconcile the bank statement to zero each month; developed innovative processes to target specific transactions and identify timing differences.
-EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS
Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting (20xx), XYZ UNIVERSITY, College Park, MD Core Course Work in Individual Taxation, Corporate & Business Taxation, and Organizational Behavior Licensed Real Estate Broker State of Maryland | Leadership Certification + Better Way Institute Notary Public State of Maryland
~Technically proficient in MS Office Suite, PowerPoint, and Publisher -
