________________

Robert Smith
Professional Accountant
Phone (123) 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
Professional Accountant with a track record of dependability and a reputation for integrity, skilled in financial reporting, capital project accounting, analysis, period-end close activities, and budgeting.
SKILLS
Communication Skills, Accounting Skills.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Professional Accountant
ABC Corporation - April 2014 February 2016
• Processed daily payment runs (check, direct deposit, or credit card) and bank payment confirmations (positive pay) in the integrated accounting system.
.
Processed the financial transactions for volded payments and re-issues.
Processed and reconciled financial transactions for the annual unclaimed property filing.
Evaluated, analyzed, and resolved problems with, but not limited to invoices, request forms, payments, funds, or journal entries by addressing with specific staff (I. e. department administrative assistant, Purchasing, or Central Receiving).
Prepared and submitted journal entries for various transfers in the integrated accounting system and state accounting system.
⚫ Processed prepaid fixed asset payments and other payment requests, such as utility and rush. invoices.
Completed monthly expense allocations and financial transaction monitoring.
Professional Accountant
Delta Corporation - 2010-2014
• Revenue Gas Accounting, Tax Exemptions and general accounting.
.
Takes care of all accounts payables, purchase orders, accounts receivables, dally deposits, journal entries, monthly bank statements, and wire.
⚫ Handles all workers compensation forms and claims, student incident reports, purchase order processing and ordering, bank statements, and purchasing.
.
Computes quarterly fuel tax refund for all of school district.
Currently holding an accounting role primarily in Cargill Risk Managements Investor Based Products group, focusing on accounting tasks for private.
⚫ This includes working through questions and discrepancies that the customer enquires about Capable of recognizing and implementing process.
• Responsible for US Income and Expense for Real Estate Site Operations, Software
Development, Fulfillment, System I departments and US Balance Sheet.
EDUCATION
MS
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
