________________

Health Advocate
ROBERT SMITH
Phone: (123) 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
Objective
Experienced healthcare professional with 18 years of customer service, strong leadership and management skills. Certificate of completion obtained in Six Sigma (Green Belt). Extensive knowledge of Diagnosis-related Group (DRG), Ambulatory Payment Classification (APC), Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPSC), HMO's, Managed Care, CMS and Hospital Reimbursement Methodology Thorough Knowledge of Independent Physicians Associates (IPA), self funded, fully insured plans, Commercial Plans and Third Party Billing.
Skills
Leadership & Training, Gamma Cameras, EPIC Library World, Mindbody Online,
Work Experience
Health Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2012-2013
• Managed accounts to resolve multiple payers issues, problematic and special accounts, credit balance, and refunds.
⚫ Researched and Investigated relevant claim and billing issues related to payment, denials, adjustment errors, and misrouted payment.
⚫ Reviewed, planning documents and contracted to determine the best course of action Verify insurance eligibility, benefits, co-pay collections, patient responsibility, and pre-certification. Negotiated Consumer/Member Medical Claims with Healthcare Providers.
"
Developed and implemented balance settlements, calling providers for detailed information
regarding possible payment terms, and documenting any savings.
• Maintained a solid relationship with customers, providers, internal staff, and management. Documented claim file actions and telephone conversations appropriately.
Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2003-2006
Responsible for assisting callers in finding out information about what types of benefits their Insurance plans cover.
⚫ Help customers locate doctors that are in network under their insurance plan and also to assist them in understanding their insurance claims and.
⚫ Skills Used quality customer service, computer skills.
⚫ Tasks performed Answer the phone lines, assist with benefits, claims, and eligibility questions any members have.
• Coordinate healthcare related services and negotiate fees with healthcare providers Effectively educate patients on health promotion and disease.
• Provide services to low income families, and children.
• Provide health education. I am a link to provide valuable community resources, provide health education classes, screenings, assist with finding a
Education
High School Diploma
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
