________________

John Doe
123 Main Road | City, Province | 00000 | (123) 456-7890 | john.doe@email.com
Targeting the following opportunity: LITIGATION LAWYER
Dedicated, versatile, and detail-oriented Litigation Associate with a JD from University Name and significant experience in tort and accident benefits. Proven ability to accurately execute a variety of legal and administrative functions. Able to effectively juggle several tasks concurrently while always meeting all requirements and deadlines. Reliable team member who demonstrates effective communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills to establish and maintain professional ties with clients, colleagues, and senior personnel. Known for displaying high ethical standards, integrity, and confidentiality while always exceeding expectations independently or as part of a team.
✓ Legal Research
✓ Drafting & Summarizing
CORE SKILLS INCLUDE:
✓ Stakeholder Liaison Problem Solving
✓ Coverage & Liability
Tort & Accident Benefits Client Services
✓ Articling & Databases ✓ Mediation Memos Multitasking & Prioritization
✓
Team Player
EDUCATION
MS Office Suite & Primafact
Juris Doctor University Name, City, Province
2012
Personal Injury Advocacy Course: Performed a mock trial as both defense and prosecution; delivered opening statements, interviewed various experts and actual victims, and received a high grade for the project
Bachelor of Arts, Specialized Honours University Name, City, Province
2009
Graduated as a member of the Dean's Honour Roll with a Specialized Honours Bachelor of Arts in Kinesiology and Health Sciences.
PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE
Student-at-Law | Company Name, City, Province
Aug 2012 to June 2013
Gained extensive litigation experience in tort and accident benefits (including both plaintiff and defence work), and property law. Became proficient in drafting mediation letters with little to no editing needed from senior lawyers.
• Drafted pleadings, mediation briefs, pre-trial memorandums, and motion materials; highlighted strengths Researched and drafted initial opinion letters concerning issues of coverage, liability, and damages
.
.
Assisted in litigation preparation through research for potential courses of action in a novel area of law Appeared on successful motions and status hearings before the Province Superior Court of Justice Attended discoveries and mediations, summarized documents, and liaised with clients and opposing counsel Performed legal research and reviewed case law and fact scenario letters from insurance companies
• Shadowed senior lawyers and coordinated with a wide variety of stakeholders on a daily basis Key Accomplishment:
✓ Performed extensive lawsuit and injunction research for a major case regarding auto mechanics withholding vehicles from clients; successfully laid the groundwork for a lawsuit and received praise from US client
