________________

ROBERT SMITH
Patient Advocate
Phone: (0123)-456-789 | Email: info@qwikresume.com | Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY
To obtain a position where I can apply my skills in any health care facility, with an opportunity to promote with in the company.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Office, Personnel Management, Process Improvement, Training & Development, Case Management, Health Education, Sales, Report Preparation, Records Management, Conflict Management, Project Management, Advocacy, Electronic Medical Records, Recruiting.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Patient Advocate
ABC Corporation - February 2012 - November 2014
Key Deliverables:
Interview patients or their representatives to identify problems relating to care.
• Coordinate communication between patients, family members, medical staff, administrative staff, or regulatory agencies.
• Maintain knowledge of community services and resources available to patients.
⚫
Refer patients to appropriate health care services or resources.
• Investigate and direct patient inquiries or complaints to appropriate medical staff members and follow up to ensure satisfactory resolution.
• Explain policies, procedures, or services to patients using medical or administrative knowledge.
• Collect and report data on topics such as patient encounters and inter-institutional problems, making recommendations for change when appropriate.
Patient Advocate
MEDICAL CAPITAL RECOVERY - 2007 - 2012
Key Deliverables:
• Determined coverage options at the emergency room for patients without health insurance. Third party collector for hospital.
⚫ Called insurance companies to verity coverage.
• Screened patients over the phone and at the emergency room for government assistance with medical payments.
⚫ Called OAG (Crime Victims Dept.) and local office to follow up with patients application process.
• Worked on Medicaid, Medicare, CHIP, Crime Victims, A&D, SSI and RSDI cases.
• Managed an average of 50 accounts per day...
EDUCATION
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
