 robert smith associate accountant phone 123 456 78 99 email: info@qwikresume.com website: www.qwikresume.com linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume address: 1737 marshville road, alabama summary degreed associate accountant with plus years of experience in tax compliance, accounts payable, bank reconciliations, and fixed assets. successful coordination of deadline-oriented projects among various departments and staff levels. hard-working, dedicated team player with the ability to blend analysis, problem-solving, and organization to produce effective results. extensive experience in sap fico and bi reporting modules ms excel vlookups, pivot tables, formulas onesource 1099 prosystem, tax prosystem, responding to irs notices and requests, meeting urgent deadlines, building relationships. skills advance knowledge in microsoft excel and microsoft office suite, netsuite accounting system, institutional accounting system, cash pro financial system, quickbooks pro, bloomberg, datatel colleague, concur and outlook. work experience associate accountant abc corporation - 2013-09 - present collecting funds and daily reports for deposits from the box office, and development departments. preparing daily deposits by calculating and entering verified daily totals cash, checks, credit cards into spreadsheets reporting system. communicating effectively and efficiently with all levels of management by telephone and/or email.. receiving and opening incoming mailed receipts and matching receipts to completed daily deposits. reconciling monthly financial reports for receipts issued through the student accounting department. working with payroll contacts to coordinate payroll deductions, new member information. corrections, updates, and changes. communicating with members and staff regarding transactions relating to accounts. accountant abc corporation - 2013-06 - 2013-08 processed and balanced daily ach file to include edits, posts, returns, and exceptions. updated and managed the finance section of the sharepoint site using html. . prepared forms and manuals for accounting and bookkeeping personnel, and directed their work activities. developed, implemented, modified, and documented recordkeeping and accounting systems, making use of current computer technology. represented clients before taxing authorities and provide support during litigation involving financial issues. advised management about issues such as resource utilization, tax strategies, and the assumptions underlying budget forecasts. this is dummy description data, replace with job description relevant to your current role. in case if you dont need it you can delete it. this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
