
robert smith
client advocate/advisor
phone 123 456 78 99
email: info@qwikresume.com
website: www.qwikresume.com linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume address: 1737 marshville road, alabama
summary
self-motivated professional seeking a challenging position where i can utilize my strong personal skills and abilities. i have over 20+ years experience in customer service and in the social service field.
skills
currently enrolled at uma for medical billing and coding.
work experience
client advocate/advisor
abc corporation - 2006-05 2013-10
handle customer service inquiries from members, providers, physicians and internal and external clients related to pharmacy benefits.
work to research and resolve problems in a timely manner.
.
.
assist members in understanding and maximizing the use of their pharmacy distribution program.
use computerized system to gather information and respond to questions,
document issues and resolutions in a common database.
handle inbound and outbound member, provider and physician calls.
answer questions related to pharmacy benefits, while maintaining productivity standards and performance guarantees where appplicable maintain accurate and complete documentation of all inquiries in order to continuously improve the customer service process and reduce potential legal concerns.
client advocate
abc corporation - 2004-2006
communicated clients wants and needs to production tearns.
made recommendations to management regarding product development, pricing, and sales projections.
.
performed take-offs and pricing for prospective bids, quotes and estimates.
responsible for planning, coordinating, and managing activities related to design, budget, and production.
ensured that projects were timely and completed in accordance with established quality standards and procedures.
coordinated with all departments to meet client schedules.
projects ranged from small oem items to 4000 ton structural steel projects..
education
diploma - camden county high school - kingsland, ga
© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
