
2007 - present
2003-present
2003-2007
1998-2003
1992-1998
craig edwards
los angeles us-ca craigedwards1@mac.com
work experience
art director, the advocate magazine
here media/regent entertainment
responsible for the overall design, art and photo direction of the world's leading gay and lesbian newsmagazine. implemented a major redesign to mark the magazine's 40th anniversary. managed four-person art department and art budgets. coordinated and directed photo shoots. conceptualized, assigned and directed illustration, photo illustration and information graphics. designed covers, features, front and back sections, and departments. produced online content.
art director, distinction magazine
los angeles times
consulted on the launch of a new luxury lifestyle magazine. designed covers, features, and departments.
creative director, where magazine
miller publishing group
created a new brand identity and complete redesign of the international city magazine/visitor publication network. worked with editors and publishers in cities across the u.s. and europe. helped create and launch custom publications; including upscale magazines and museum- quality books for hotels and resorts. directed digital media expansion with the development of a web site, custom city tour podcasts, and online content.
creative director, the advocate and out magazines lpi media
responsible for the overall design, art and photo direction of both magazines. managed eight- person art department. coordinated and directed photo shoots. developed relationships with photographers and artists. directed an award-winning redesign of out magazine. designed books for the advocate imprint of alyson books.
designer and copy editor, the detroit news
gannett co.
designed pages in every section, including the front page, at michigan's largest daily newspaper. redesigned feature sections. copy edited stories and wrote headlines.
education
1986-1991
journalism
eastern illinois university
the advocate do
murder in the suburbs
james franco's
