
2011-01-Present
Victim Advocate
LINDA LEE
lindarosslee@gmail.com
Work experience
2010-06-2010-08
Center of Protective Environment COPE
Assist victims of domestic violence by providing a full range of services, including assistance with crisis intervention, court support, community relations, and community referrals.
Key highlights
Prevented a woman from losing her children through diligent research and communication. Presented compelling evidence in the cases of two clients resulting in pro bono legal representation for both.
Composed a client success story presented to civic leaders by the Director of COPE.
Victim Advocate
Twelfth Judicial District, Lincoln County, NM
APPLIED SOCIOLOGY INTERNSHIP
Drives efficiency while providing dedicated support to the Deputy District Attorney, Assistant District Attorney, and Victim Advocate.
Key highlights
Selected by the District Office Manager to conduct statistical review of crime rates and victim advocacy services in Lincoln County due to demonstrated knowledge and skill in quantitative research and applied data analysis; this project supports the DA's intent to request additional victim advocacy funding when presenting the fiscal budget to the Legislative Finance Committee.
Given sole responsibility for duties of Victim Advocate due to her leave of absence. With little training, I immediately stepped in to the position. Received excellent feedback about my performance.
2005-01-2010-08
Education
Texas State University-San Marcos
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN APPLIED SOCIOLOGY, summa cum laude
Relevant coursework: Juvenile Delinquency, Criminology, Applied Data Analysis, SPSS software, and Quantitative and Qualitative Research Methods; achieved Dean's List each semester. MINOR: FORENSIC PSYCHOLOGY
Relevant coursework: Fundamentals of Criminal Law, Forensic Evidence, Forensic Psychology, Social Psychology, Personality Psychology, and Crime Theory and Victimization.
Skills
Visual Basic programming language
Microsoft Office Suite, DOS, Windows, Macintosh
SPSS software
SPSS Statistical Package for the Social Sciences predictive analytics software used to evaluate data for research.
