
Robert Smith
Client Advocate
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
1234567899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
To obtain a position that will allow me to utilize my capabilities I have achieved throughout my past work experience; a fulfilling position where I am able to utilize my technical and administrative skills, providing the most premium client care while performing a variety of tasks, while maintaining the ability to prioritize, respond and relay pertinent information to all parties involved.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Client Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2007-08 2008-10
Responsibilities:
Served as the primary point of contact for spa and prospective members.
Assisted spa members by using electric clippers to shave members
treatment areas.
Applied topical anesthetic onto members needing their treatment areas numb.
Scheduled future appointments for current and prospective members. Maintained the schedule of multiple clinicians using RCM database program specifically made for Reveal MedSpa, including reviewing the schedule to ensure that the proper equipment issued on the correct members.
Maintained, updated, and effectively utilized the spa centers database. Created and maintained members physical charts.
Client Advocate
ABC Corporation 2004-2007
Responsibilities.
Salvation Army Open Door, Marysville Assist consumers in accessing community based resources.
Support consumers in maintaining their stability in their community. Receptionist duties, as well as customer service duties for the reach program.
Open and close Drop-In Center.
Perform basic office tasks, coordinate groups, chores and budgeting tools.
Prepare and maintain report.
February, 2007 to 2010-06.
Education
Certified and licensed in Cna/Gna- 2016Nurse one inc - Lanham, MD
SKILLS
Microsoft Office, Customer Service, Banking, Collections, Retail, Service Industry, Organizational, Detail Oriented, Multi-tasking. Excel, Communication, Data Entry, Dependable.
LANGUAGES
English Native French Professional Spanish Professional
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 Company Name Reference - 2 Company
Name
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
