
robert smith
associate member advocate
phone: 0123-456-789 email: info@qwikresume.com website: qwikresume.com
summary
to obtain a position in an organization where skills and abilities are put to the challenge.
core competencies
management, organizing.
professional experience
associate member advocate hmo - 2012-10-2020
key deliverables:
performs as an advocate on behalf of the childrens community health plan members.
facilitates the timely provision of badger care plus benefits to cchp members. ensures access to all medically necessary services for cchp members make recommendations to cchp management regarding any changes that were needed to improve access.
coordinates professional development workshops to increase staff knowledge of community needs.
fosters and develops community partner relationships and networks attend various community events and meetings in order to represent cchp and train staff and members complete case management for members as needed.
participates in community projects as a partner, representing cchp implement best practices and procedures; assist with creation of literature for members. creates powerpoint presentation for childrens community health plan for an overview of programs and services.
member advocate
delta corporation - 2010 - 2012
key deliverables:
assist insurance members customers in finding appropriate physicians for specific medical issues, in and out of insurance network.
entails calling multiple medical, dental and mental health provider offices on a daily basis.
also assist in answering various other questions, including preauthorizations and eligibility.
also facilitate intemal phone transfers to and working with other company departments to help members.
as a member advocate, i served at the front line of the credit union, assisting members with simple transactions such as deposits, withdrawals, money.
2259 oak street, old forge, new york, 13420
© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
