
robert smith
volunteer client advocate
contact details
1737 marshville road, alabama
1234567899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
personal statement
highly qualified individual offering more than 20 years of social service experience. results focused and effectual leader with proven ability to develop and maintain programs. talent for proactively identifying and resolving problems, eliciting program support, referrals, volunteers and donations. ability to collaborate with other agencies. ability to work with diverse groups. walks with integrity.
work experience
volunteer client advocate
abc corporation - 2014-07 2015-09
responsibilities:
collaborated with team from various professions to develop a program providing social and supportive services to first time female felons. established measures for tracking progress of clients.
assisted clients charged with felonies in accessing services to assist in developing life skills that prevent reoffending.
connected clients to mental health and substance abuse services as needed.
assisted women with building resumes, finding employment, and applying for benefits.
advocated on behalf of clients in the courtroom with judges and attorneys in both family and criminal court.
conducted needs assessment with clients in and out of jail.
client advocate
abc corporation - 2012-2014
responsibilities:
resolved questions regarding clients mortgages, including payments, escrow, documents, and web services.
utilized a varienty of programs to respond to client inquiries.
assisted in the training of new client advocates by reviewing call structures and client satisfaction requirments.
recognized my management for client compliments.
received 100% client satisfaction award.
skills used trianing in client satisfaction and call structure. mortgage information training..
education
bachelor's in psychology - august 2009university of oklahoma - norman, ok
skills
microsoft office, can type average of 88 wpm., customer service, management, data entry, coaching.
languages
english native french professional spanish professional
interests climbing snowboarding cooking reading
references
reference - 1 company name reference - 2 company name
© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
