
Robert Smith
Court Advocate
Phone 123 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
Master's degree in Criminal Justice Excel in oral, written, and interpersonal communications Comprehensive knowledge of substance abuse and mental health issues. Highly effective in interacting with a diverse population Exceptional organizational skills.
SKILLS
Knowledge in Law sections, Communication Skills, Perseverance.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Court Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2012-09 2013-04
Advocated for victims of homicide and sexual assault in court proceedings.
Provided support to families by attending court hearings and providing information about the
court process,
Provided information to clients about their rights and victim services.
Assisted in completing victim compensation claims.
Collaborated with community partners.
Referred clients to appropriate providers of care and provide case management services.
Advocated for individual victims as they interact within the judicial and law enforcement systems,
Court Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2009-2012
Assist clients to court and refer for services based on their needs.
Prepare and accompany victims to court hearings Assist with filing Protection from Abuse petitions and Victims Compensation Provide advocacy.
Accompanied clients to Family Court or Criminal Court to obtained an Order of Protection Or for hearings.
During the 17 years that Worked at VIBS the life of hundreds of women were changed and empowered to better their lives.
Skills Used knowledge of the judicial system.
Crisis Intervention In-person and telephone counseling to women/teens/men Victim
Intake/Screening Conflict resolution DV Advocacy/Education Safety/.
Provide courtroom support, accompaniment, outreach, and crisis intervention for victims of intimate partner violence, sexual violence, and child maltreatment.
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Criminal Justice Michigan State University
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
