
robert smith
service advocate
contact details
1737 marshville road, alabama
1234567899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
personal statement
1 psychology instructor in the 90's at college in las vegas, nv x 10 years 2 usaf x 10+ years as a medic and photojournalist in us and europe three earned university degrees i.e.. ba/english; ms/community counseling; and psyd/psychology five different volunteer social organizations to give back to my community see all on website at http://www.wjackson.net.
work experience
service advocate
abc corporation 2014-07 2016-02
responsibilities:
advocate for and supporting the individuals serve to ensure they are as independent as possible.
develop and maintain a positive relationship with individuals served. teach daily living skills to individuals served.
provide oneonone or group community integration outings.
monitor individual physical and emotional health, obtain services as directed and report all significant issues to the coordinator. administer individuals medications.
write shift summaries on a daily basis.
advocate
priest river ministries- 2010 - 2014
responsibilities:
for victims of domestic violence, sexual assault and trafficking
volunteer one day per week to act as advocate if victims are in need of assistance, shelter, clothing, civil protection orders, and childcare
perform shelter checks at three local locations
spokane neighborhood action partners snap, spokane, wa 2015- present grant writing assistant for living green, energy conservation/awareness outreach program
responsible for research of potential grants available, completion of letters of interest lois, completion of grant applications, edit/proofreading, and other misc
tasks as needed
golden key international honor society member since 2014.
education
bachelor of arts in early childhood education administration - ashford university - san diego, ca
skills
demonstrated ability to assist clients with activities.
languages english native french professional spanish professional
interests
climbing snowboarding
cooking reading
references
reference 1 company name
reference 2 company name
© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
