
Robert Smith
Lead Member Advocate
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
1234567899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Advocate to provide communications support and advocacy to grassroots campaigns fighting to eliminate the criminalization of Black and Brown youth and create schools and communities that are reflective of the world youth envision for themselves.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Lead Member Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2011-2012
Responsibilities.
Effectively solves customer inquiries by phone, SMS and email using a CRM tool
Holds a high bar for Support when managing customer interactions Identifies, documents and follow up with engineers on product bugs and features
Advocates for customers by identifying trends in issues and suggesting improvements to policies and products
Recognizes errors and draft improvements to content in the external Support Center and internal documentation
Works with members of other tearns to root out answers and be a resource to teammates
Reports to a Customer Success Lead
Member Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2014-2016
Responsibilities:
Provide oversight of benefit administration Educate providers, members, and other staff on benefit changes.
Implement first training resource for Member Advocate Understand, and education Marketplace rules and regulations in regards to health plan. Analyze and interpret various data sets for committee understanding. Facilitating financial transactions such as deposits and withdrawals Opening new accounts Modifying existing accounts adding joint
owners..
Responsible for working with members, providers and the members case managers as needed to Assist the member in obtaining care, including
Follow-through required ensuring all assignments are completed. Communicated in detall Members Medicare benefits by phone.
Education
GED - College of Southern Idaho
SKILLS Management, Organizing.
LANGUAGES
English Native French Professional Spanish Professional
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 Company Name
Reference 2 Company Name
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
