
Robert Smith
Patient Care Advocate
Phone 123 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com
Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
Seeking gainful employment with a reputable organization in order to successfully complete apprenticeship and become a valued company employee. Goal is to undertake tasks and assignments that will enable to learn all the skills on offer in order to become an effective employee. Also to complete all job related studies in order to broaden experience and understanding about the company, products/services so that may provide excellent customer
service.
SKILLS
Suggestive selling and Consultative sales, Superior.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Patient Care Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2014-05 - 2015-01
Worked to research and resolve problems in a timely manner.
.
.
.
Assisted members in understanding and maximizing the use of their pharmacy distribution program.
Used computerized system to gather information and respond to questions.
Documented issues and resolutions in a common database.
Handled inbound and outbound member, provider and physician calls.
Answered questions related to pharmacy benefits, while maintaining productivity standards and performance guarantees where applicable.
Ensured the privacy of members and maintain security of their information using HIPAA policies.
Patient Care Advocate
Delta Corporation 2009-2014
"
Answer incoming calls from Patients regarding their pharmacy benefits and mail order pharmacy.
Assist patients with inquiries regarding benefits, such as eligibility, copay, deductible, out-of- pocket costs.
Locate retail pharmacies for patients and provide location details.
Provide direct member reimbursement information and manual claims status.
Assist patients with mail order requests, such as new registration, prescription refills, order status, etc.
Familiarize patients with ESI website and promote the benefits of using website for refills.
Serve as the patients contact to Billing Hotline for the resolution of mail order billing issues,
EDUCATION
Cosmetology - 2009Academy of Technology and Academics Conway - Conway, SC
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
