
robert smith
associate advocate
info@qwikresume.com linkedin profile qwikresume.com
graphic artist skilled in a variety of designs, logos and marketing packages designed to strengthen business competence also i am a trained rape and domestic violence crisis counselor who has worked with many clients and agencies.
experience
associate advocate
abc corporation - 2014-10 - 2015-06
provided advocacy for victims of sexual assault and domestic violence through in-office crisis counseling and safety planning.
provided telephone counseling and helped run 24-hour crisis hotline provided legal accompaniment to family courts and helped clients
.
with obtaining orders of protection against their batterer.
accompanied clients to department of social services to help with emergency financial assistance and assistance with obtaining an apartment.
worked in concert with domestic violence shelters in the nearby area to help victims in desperate need of shelter away from their batterer. ran weekly support groups with former and current victims of domestic abuse.
.
gave presentations to other agencies and medical professionals in the area regarding signs of domestic and sexual assault as well as ways to best serve those clients.
advocate
abc corporation - 2011 - 2014
participated in patient assistance program pap
served as a liaison for the patients and the pharmaceutical suppliers assisted patients in completing applications, obtaining doctor signatures, and submitting applications
type, file, sort and process materials, maintain records, process records, compose and edit reports and correspondence
prepare and complete a variety of forms and documents gather information, provide information to the public concerning departmental or county operations
operate a variety of equipment including but not limited to computer terminals, duplicating machine, fax, calculators, and ten-key.
education
theatre arts- 1999 marymount manhattan college - new york,
this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
