
E-mail: info@qwikresume.com
ROBERT SMITH
Client Advocate II
Phone: 0123-456-789
SUMMARY
Self motivated Office Manager seeks position offering opportunities for new professional and personal challenges. Self-starter with a positive, can-do attitude who is driven to learn, improve and succeed. Reliable professional with 10 years experience overseeing office and retail store operations. Highlights Payroll and insurance Microsoft Office Quickbooks Accounting and payroll Customer oriented Spreadsheet development Schedule management Invoicing Clerical duties Banking and deposits.
SKILLS
Victim Advocacy, Crisis Intervention, Counseling.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Client Advocate II
ABC Corporation - 2014-10-2015-06
Planned and co-facilitated weekly trauma-informed, domestic violence intervention, education and support groups for victims of domestic violence, with an emphasis on safety, support, empowerment, and accountability.
Performed individual and group management duties to ensure appropriate support were provided. Provided court and legal advocacy and accompaniment services as an on-call Advocate.
Responsible for timely and accurate record keeping on clients receiving services.
Communicated regularly with and advised supervisors and co-workers about the progress of clients and the development of groups and individual cases.
Regularly attended agency/program staff meetings and training to ensure best practices and trauma- informed care was being provided within the program.
Provided on-going individual counseling, case advocacy, and case management services for clients/cases that were previously receiving services from me as a full-time employee.
Advocate
ABC Corporation-2009-2014
Cleaning the house sweeping, mopping, dusting, polishing, sanitizing, cleaning windows, organizing
Cooking breakfast and lunch for the next day
. Doing the dishes that were used.
Refreshing residents during the night
Waking residents up on time and making sure they are all bathed, brushed and dressed for the weather
Feeding residents
Making sure they got their medications and helping them to the bus for day program.
This Eres Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
