
Client Advocate
ROBERT SMITH
Phone: 123 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com
Linkedin:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama.
Objective
To obtain position in an innovative and challenging environment where my recovery expertise will aid in the growth and success of the company.
Skills
Medical Assessment, Medication Observation, Microsoft Certified Professional, Microsoft Office User Specialist.
Work Experience
Client Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2015-03 - 2015-09
Assisted in the observation, supervision and monitoring of clients in a residential treatment center.
Assisted in the daily course of treatment for new and existing clients under the direction of the treatment team.
Managed and cared for detox and dual-diagnosis clients.
"
.
.
Ability to quickly and safely de-escalate clients in crisis.
Ability to respond to emergency medical situations involving clients when necessary. Communicated client behaviors to counseling staff/coordinators.
Responded to client issues according to facility protocol and behavior management guidelines.
Client Advocate
Keim Center - 2013 - 2015
Keep accurate records of client interactions and follow-up plans, educate clients on all pregnancy available options.
Provide clients with pregnancy test and resources needed to have a healthy pregnancy.
Follow up with clients to receive birth records and assemble layettes. Conduct pregnancy test and assist with Doppler readings.
.
Provide education and referrals related to adoption, post-abortion healing, social services, and other areas of need.
Provide education and guidance in the area of abstinence, as well as in the area of fetal development and abortion..
Providing clients with needed material goods such as clothing, cribs, car seats and other baby items..
Education
Bachelors of Business Administration in Administration and Management - LeTourneau University
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
