
robert smith
nfc health advocate
info@qwikresume.com https://qwikresume.com
an innovative, forward thinking health and wellness professional with sound knowledge in nutrition, holistic health, health coaching, and stress reduction. highly motivated individual; offering creative problem solving solutions and results exceeding expectations.
2018-2020
nfc health advocate - legal aid society of san diego
provides case management and support to patients with chronic illnesses in order to assist them in achieving medical and social stability.
provides these services in both the community and in an outpatient clinic to ensure maximum flexibility.
initiates clinical contact with adults with chronic medical illness to engage them in setting and achieving measurable goals related to their health care needs. throughout various hospital locations.
assists patients to identify and obtain appropriate medical and social services; advocates with these agencies for patients; as needed.
assists patient connect to federal entitlement appointments via public transportation as needed.
actively participates as member of an interprofessional team; working with physicians, pharmacists, social workers, therapists, and psychiatrist to provide comprehensive patient care.
proactively collaborates with other northwestern medical group programs as well as other community-based referral sources to ensure seamless coordination of patient care.
2003-2006
health advocate - delta corporation
helped hispanic immigrants find healthcare resources and facilitates connection with services available to them.
provided limited case management and acted as an entry point for health care and mental health services for palm beach county residents
provided assessment, referrals, linkage, advocacy and follow up, to those in need of assistance navigating through the health delivery system. linked mental health clients with psychiatric and counseling services.
assisted those in need of prescription assistance
develop and oversee processes to ensure the agency is in compliance with federal and state regulation regarding health requirements oversee data. called health care members on behalf of variety of health insurance companies to execute routine health assessments and scheduled preventative.
© this free resume templates the copyright of qwikresume, com. usage guidelines
