
ROBERT SMITH
Care Advocate II
Phone: 0123-456-789 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY
To continue professional growth where experience and personal initiative will be of immediate value and lead to increased responsibilities within the organization.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Customer Service, Database and Spreadsheet Management.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Care Advocate II
ABC Corporation - 2009-09 - 2014-01
Key Deliverables:
Assist and educate families with obtaining access to and retaining memberships in all available healthcare services and programs.
Navigate members through the selected programs and give instructions on premium payments, annual renewals and health plan systems as well as provide instruction on how to use the Healthy Families/Medi-Cal/AIM handbook.
Schedule appointments for medical and dental services.
Monitor enrollment, conduct follow-up on all applicants and track re-enrollments.
Assist families with appeals, payment disputes and other complex issues.
Participate in community outreach events as well as ongoing training and program updates.
Prepare and maintain required paperwork and compile monthly reports and presentations,
Care Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2008-2009
Key Deliverables:
April, 2013 Quality Assurance Training Caregivers On Call Phones.
Behavioral health care advocate reviewed clinical assessments and certified levels of care according to State and Federal policies.
All work was done by telephone and work environment was a call center.
Intensive case management of high risk claimants.
Assessment of psychiatric and substance use symptoms and history, identification of service needs, linkages with necessary services including
Certification of in-patient substance abuse and mental health admissions via review of symptoms, history, labs, etc.
Also concurrent review of treatment when needed.
EDUCATION
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
