
Robert Smith Community Health Advocate
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
1234567899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Responsible for helping patients and their support team to navigate and access community services, other resources, and adopt healthy behaviors. Supports primary care providers and clinic staff through an integrated approach to care management and community outreach.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Community Health Advocate
ABC Corporation
Responsibilities:
2012-08 - 2013-01
Responsible for establishing trusting relationships with patients and their support team while providing general support and encouragement. Provide referrals for services to community agencies as appropriate. Help patients connect with transportation resources and give appointment reminders in special circumstances. Transporting patients is strictly prohibited.
Exhibit excellent working relations with patients, visitors and staff, effectively communicating the mission of CHI Saint Joseph Health and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.
Work collaboratively with the health care team. Establish positive communications and partnerships with providers, services, the patient, and the team.
Continuously expand knowledge and understanding of community resources, services, and programs which could be beneficial to patients being navigated.
Act as a community advocate between the patient/family and community service agencies.
Health Advocate
Delta Corporation 2010-2012
Responsibilities:
Community Health Advocate for Senior/Disabled population. Health Out- Patient assistance CPR. First Aid AED certified.
Represented families to ensure access to government assistance including CHIP and Medicaid - Presented information to new mothers about healthy.
Provide client service to members who have claims that exceed a certain threshold. We identify by monthly report, reach out by.
Services that may be available to them to keep costs down. Documentation of significant happenings throughout your shift. Attend regular staff meetings, trainings, and other meeting as requested.
SKILLS
Administrative Skills, Communication Skills, Healthcare.
LANGUAGES
English Native
French Professional Spanish Professional
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 Company Name Reference 2 Company Name
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
