
ROBERT SMITH
Health Advocate
Phone: 0123-456-789 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY
A graduating senior prepared to obtain a career-entry position in the area of health promotion and disease prevention. Major strength includes successful coursework, relevant experience in solving health-related problems, strong communication skills and health care experience.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Mirco soft Word, Planning and Implementing program.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Health Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2011-02 2014-10
Key Deliverables:
Helped the children learn, eat, and brush their teeth.
Became a floating aide and worked every day in a different room giving people time off still assisting the teacher.
Coordinated andamp; taught health and life skills classes such as nutrition, hygiene, character education, managing emotions, andamp; bullying prevention.
Developed health assessment needs survey to interview 140 children andamp; arrange referrals.
Created health and wellness programs for the campus Provide a safe and confidentia! space for students to talk about health-related topics.
Utilized social media platforms to spread awareness conceming Psoriasis and other autoimmune diseases globally.
Traveled to meetings all over the country to provide input regarding future medical treatments to various pharmaceutical companies.
Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2006-2011
Key Deliverables:
Conduct outreach and to engage community members.
Create links and connections between vulnerable populations and resources,
Educate community members on proper use of health and social service systems.
Facilitate communication and coordination of services between community members and providers.
Coach community members in effective management of health conditions and self-care. Support and advocate for underserved individuals.
Establish and maintain positive working relationships with community members and community partners.
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
CThis Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
