
Professional Accountant Resume
JOHN SMITH
3605551212
9600 NE My Address St. - Seattle, WA 11111
jsmith@nowhere.com
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Versatile team player eager to contribute a strong finance, accounting, and administrative background toward actively supporting the success of a progressive organization offering opportunities for growth in exchange for superior performance.
PROFILE
PandL/financial
Offer a 10-year background in accounting and finance, with experience ranging from statements, management reports, general ledger, and journal entries to multi-state payroll, accounts payable/receivable, reconciliations, inventory variances allocation, and job costing
> Additional cross-training and experience in diverse areas of business operations including staff training and direction, order management, software training, and operational/technical documentation Effectively identify, develop and execute strategies to boost productivity, efficiency and quality Dynamic organization, project planning, time management, and multi-tasking abilities Actively facilitate and contribute to collaborative team environments and welcome increasing responsibilities as well as opportunities for professional development
> Readily adapt to new professional settings/industries and adeptly acquire and apply new skills and knowledge toward supporting company goals.
PC Literate with technical proficiency in Axapta, MAS90/MAS200, QuickBooks, Microsoft Office Suite including Excel Spreadsheets, and ADP Payroll Certified
Company Name
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Accounts Payable Specialist/Payroll Specialist/Accounting Specialist
2005 - present
Apply sharp organization, analytical and multitasking abilities toward managing accounts payable, general ledger transactions, accounts receivable, daily invoicing, cash posting, and multiple account reconciliations.
Proficiently handle full-cycle accounts payable for over 200 vendors, with accountability ranging from weekly check processing and GL coding to account reconciliation and allocation.
Process bi-weekly payroll for over 100 employees nationwide.
Facilitate sales order process from initial receipt, confirmation and updating through timely delivery. Demonstrate dynamic leadership skills in training and directing team members.
Strategically developed innovative order process and procedures that has been adopted by company and remains in use to date.
Company Name
Corporate Store Accountant
2004 - 2005
Efficiently managed payables and receivables including reconciliations, payroll and general ledger functions.
Posted, reconciled and allocated inventory variances to general ledger for corporate office as well as multi-state cafes.
Steered reconciliation of bank and credit card accounts.
Company Name Accounting Manager
2001 - 2004
Compiled and prepared detailed financial statements, management reports and journal entries. Developed and produced Excel spreadsheets for PandL, balance sheet, income summary, and trial balance.
Productively managed multi-state payroll processing.
Significantly improved accounts payable/receivable operations by developing and implementing proactive workflow procedures.
Company Name
1996 - 2001
Bookkeeper
