
aizaz ul haq
bsc agricultural engineer
mobile: +971561019120 e-mail: alzaz.uaf@gmail.com visa status :employment visa
career obiective
ambitious to embark on a strategic level position in the landscaping/ agricultural field where excellent professional, analytical and technical skills can help to improve the company's profitability. highly motivated and possessing creative mind and ideas that allowfor strong problem solving abilities, and the capability to think out of the box. looking forward to secure a position with a well-established organization havinga dynamic environment that could lead to a lasting relationship in the field of landscaping and automatic irrigation system.
strengths
estimation of landscaping and irrigation system evaluating tenders, boq and shop drawings execution and supervision of work at site
career snanchot
project engineer, global irrigation and landscaping, sharjah, uae
designing of irrigation system team work and leadership abilities expertise in farm management skills
2014-03- to date
global irrigation and landscaping is thewel known and reputed company within uae in field of landscaping. global irrigation and landscaping was established in sharjah in 1999, it has branchoffice in dubai also. today, over15years, executed many major projects of landscaping works in uae workshop manager, technovision pvt limited, lahore, pak 2013-06-2014-01
techno vision is a group of companies that is operating in pakistan, karachi, peshawar and having head office in lahore for period of over a decade. the company has extensive know howand a proventrackrecordinfield of power generationand mechanical field of generator engines as brand supplier.
agricultural/irrigation engineer, haji sons and co pvt. limited, lahore, pak
2012-07 - 2013-05
haji sonsand coisa reputed firm in agricultural sector of pakistan. it deals with a wide range variety of crop seeds royal seed, cotton seed, etc tunnel farming and micro irrigation systemdrip and sprinkler.
proven inh role
project engineer, global irrigation and landscaping, sharjah, uae
working as a project engineer of soft landscaping and automatic imigation system works since march, 2014 till date.
preparation of estimates for landscaping and automatic imigation system.
evaluating tenders, boq, shop drawings and as built drawings in autocad software.
designing of the imigation system as required to satisfy the landscape design layouts and hydraulics
prepare preliminary sketches and concepts for landscape hard+ soft for review through application of knowledge and best practice systems materials.
conducting coordination meetings with client, consultant and main contractors.
meeting the requirements of consultant/client and the project execution team.
preparation of imigation/landscape material specifications for various types of jobs.
supervision and monitoring in execution of landscaping works at site.
revised and coordinates detailed shop drawings as per client advice and comments.
finalize the as built drawings with all modification and variation before submission to consultant for approval.
supervision and monitoring of maintenance sites of soft landscaping and imigation works.
workshop manager,techno vision pvt. limited, lahore, pak
worked as workshop manager in pak's famous power generation company.
company dealt with: caterpillar, cummins, and perkins and kohler generators.
knowledge of generator performance and troubleshooting.
awareness regarding sis service information system software.
supervision and monitoring of engine overhauling and maintenance. assembling and dismantling of caterpillar c3512 and c3516.
