
"
"
agricultural scientist resume sample
jeffery smith
3320 twin house lane
miller, mo 657073333358500 jeffery.s@emailaddress.com
job objective to obtain an agricultural scientist position in company that will allow me to grow along with the company.
highlights of qualifications:
extensive experience of agricultural research, development and guidance delivery sound knowledge ofsoil science, crop technology, horticulture and farm activities
. commendable knowledge of agricultural chemicalsand related legal regulations familiarity with agricultural outreach and animal production practices
ability to oversaw and manage assigned projects and teams, in time-efficient manner ability to resolve farm production issues and assist with registration of agrochemicals
professional experience:
agricultural scientist
primus group, inc., miller, mo
2012-08 - present
responsibilities:
researched and evaluated all impacts of cultivation methods, environment and diseases on agriculture.
gathered, analyzed, and documented samples and lab results, efficiently.
planned, implemented and revised activities, methods and techniques for improving crop health and production.
counseled farmers and farm managers on improving crop production and educated them about effective crop disease control. interpreted and adhered to government-approved regulations and standards.
supported quality control activities and utilized standard test and measurement controls within lab environment.
agricultural scientist
cybercoders, inc, miller, mo
2009-05 2012-07
responsibilities:
investigated and studied about plant diseases, pest control and environmental impacts on agriculture.
collected and tested cropproducts and pesticides used in agriculture.
prepared and provided accurate and timely work-related and research reports.
created new varieties of crops and developed highly efficient methods cropproduction.
met and counseled farmers and fruit growers regarding improving crops and fruits production. followed and registered agrochemicals according to established international regulations.
education
master's degree in agricultural science george fox university, newberg, or
