
wyatt berry
1 main street, new cityland, ca 91010 c: 5553227337 example-email@example.com
summary
results-oriented agricultural service technician with over 10 year's of experience and a strong diesel mechanics background. able to efficiently troubleshoot mechanical issues and complete timely repairs or overhauls. detail-oriented and organized with a professional demeanor at all times.
highlights
experience
02/2010 to current
machine diagnostics extensive technical and product knowledge
safety compliance continuous education
able to understand blueprints
agriculture service technician
renfro international - new citylan, ca
collaborative team player
hydraulic technology expertise familiar with electrical systems customer support
full tool set
inspect machinery, troubleshoot issues, and document findings. enhance and maintain customer satisfaction in the field through excellent service.
update repair logs and submit all paperwork correctly.
attend training workshops and team meetings to maximize technical knowledge.
recondition or repair wide range of agricultural heavy equipment.
08/2007 to 01/2010 agriculture service technician
rti equipment co. - new cityland, ca
installed new equipment and explained operation and routine maintenance protocols to customers to ensure optimal use and performance.
diagnosed equipment operational and control problems.
disassembled malfunctioning equipment and controls to affect repairs. overhauled or replaced severely damaged systems.
05/2004 to 07/2007 agriculture service technician valpro services - new cityland, ca
education 2004
read and followed equipment diagrams and blueprints to fully understand mechanical and electrical systems in need of service. maintained service vehicle in neat and operational fashion. followed all company policies for professionalism, safety, and service. continuously increased technical, product, and service knowledge.
associate of applied science: diesel technology california technical institute - new cityland, ca
