 salman khan nm state rt. saddar, rawalpindi telephone no: 505-6666-222 email id: salmankhan@gmail.com seek the respectable position of an agriculture manager in reputed company. summary highly talented agricultural professional with experience spanning more than nine years in farm, and ranch management practice. proven ability to grow farms and ranch by over 30% annually. expert in both animal and crop farming, and coordinated complex agricultural programs and services such as plant and pest services, and marketing services; and agricultural research operations in support of research, extension and teaching activities. excellent negotiating skills with banks and other credit lenders to get the best financing deals for equipment, livestock and seed. deep understanding and effective management of product price fluctuation; knowledge and application of computers for increased productivity; and great planning skills with extraordinary goal getting ability, as well as excellent communication and interpersonal skills. education and professional training b.s. agricultural science, university of arid agriculture, rawalpindi 2002 grew up on family farm and participated in agricultural programs for young people, such as the national ffa organization and the 4-h youth educational programs. professional experience assistant agricultural manager, white lake farm inc. banni-gala islamabad 2008 - present plan activities to minimize environmental degradation, monitor environmental effects of farming activities and repair existing damage through programs such as tree planting. direct and manage the farm business capital; plans the strategic direction of the farm. responsible for managing the financial aspects of the business by controlling income and expenses. breed and raise livestock, such as beef cattle, dairy cattle, goats, horses, reindeer, sheep, and swine, for such purposes as sale of meat, riding or working stock, breeding, or for show; and for products, such as milk, wool, and hair. clean and maintain buildings, sheds, pens, equipment and facilities to maintain health standards and high quality of produce. select pasture, range, and croplands to graze animals and produce feed crops. decide and advise on the kind of crops to be grown, the area to be sown or planted and the livestock to be raised. copyright by: http://www.bestsampleresume.pk
