
astha agarwal
3: 9953776253 : info@getsetresumes.comin linkedin:linkedin.com/company/getsetresumes
agricultural engineer - leveraging 8+ years of experience
enterprising and methodical agricultural engineer experienced extensively in the design and development of agro-based gears, agriculture-related industrial equipments, and agriculture-related infrastructure. acquainted with various modeling techniques for research and analysis of industry trends and adept with adequate knowledge for their effective application.
profile summary
"
able to design and develop agro-based machinery with sophistication and precision.
-
acquainted with the latest research and developments in field hydrology, soil, and land use management on nutrient cycling. prepares comprehensive reports, and coordinates with the homologation agencies for field trials and certifications.
experience in leading product development projects in one or more crop protection portfolios.
core competencies
quality control analysis
project plans and documentation
technological aptitude
data collection
operation monitoring
water conservation
professional experience
operations analysis
geographic information system gis cad software
tata steel foundation, noida
agricultural engineer
-
execute the development of new air vehicles, from initial concept through deployment.
"
act as resource and subject matter expert for aircraft engineering teams
jan. 2019 jun. 2022
develop air vehicle conops, conceptual designs, and configuration layouts by balancing performance implications from different subsystems aero, structures, propulsion, avionics, and payloads
execute aircraft, airframe and subsystem detailed design and fabrication as required.
support system test by developing sub-system and system level ground and flight test plans to efficiently and safely expand the flight envelope and validate performance requirements.
grow and strengthen key team skill sets to enable future air vehicle development programs.
develop aircraft design and test methodologies and best practices to enable scaling development capabilities to larger, more complex air vehicles.
national agro-industry, punjab
agricultural engineer
"
aug. 2015 dec. 2018
assisted in the design and development of agricultural-related machines including harvesters, atvs/utvs, and other tractor attachments.
contributed as the technical support within the agro-based infrastructures development team, which managed the construction of infrastructures like farms, warehouses, dams, and water reservoirs.
strengthened the planning and development of drainage, irrigation, and flood and water control systems.
effectively communicated within the team with employers and colleagues.
academic credentials
education - m. tech in agricultural engineering, iari new delhi - indian agricultural research institute 2015
b. tech in agricultural engineering, iit kharagpur, 2013
certificates - agricultural project management
computer skills - c/c++, fortran, java, proengineer, unigraphics, matlab, mathematica, windows, unix/linux
personal dossier
languages known: english, and hindi
~references and other documents available upon request ~
astha agarwal resume confidential page number 1/1
