
education
ph.d., plant pathology. university of missouri, 1982 m.s., plant pathology, university of missouri, 1977
b.s., forestry, university of missouri, 1973
a.a., biological sciences, hutchinson community junior college, kansas, 1969
professional experience
1992-present: administrator - plant pathology section, florida department of agriculture and consumer services, division of plant industry. head of plant disease diagnostic services with a scientific staff of 10 persons plus clerical staff. director of plant disease quarantine facility. chair of plant pathogen introduction committee.
1987-1992: chief plant pathologist, fdacs-dpi. same as above.
1980-1987: biological scientist iv plant pathologist, fdacs-dpi. diagnosis of ornamental, vegetable, fruit, field crop, and native / naturalized plant diseases: investigations into etiology and management of new and insurgent plant diseases, diagnosis and evaluation of control agents for citrus canker eradication program. specialization in diagnosis of abiotic and fungal plant diseases.
1979-1980: extension assistant, university of missouri-columbia plant disease clinic, department of plant pathology. supervisor - dr. einar palm. diagnosis and management recommendations for diseases of ornamental, tree, fruit, and field crops. assist with foliar fungicide and seed treatment field trials for soybeans and wheat.
1979-1980: graduate research assistant % time advisor, dr. merton brown. research project / doctoral dissertation: effects of foliar phosphate, elicitor induced glyceollin, and phloem ringing on soybean-glomus mosseae mycorrhizae. lab instruction coordinator for ornamental pathology, field crop pathology, and forest pathology under supervision of dr. thomas wyllie.
graduate research assistant 1/2 time advisor, dr. merton brown. research project / master's thesis: growth responses and ultrastructural studies of vesicular-arbuscular mycorrhizae produced by glomus mosseae on soybean. lab instructor for forest pathology, 1975-77, 1979 supervised by dr. merton brown. instructor / lab assistant in electron microscope techniques, 1976-79 supervised by dr. merton brown.
teaching experience
from 1971 to present: taught classes and / or presented seminars in various aspects of dendrology, forest pathology, ornamental plant pathology, electron microscopy. mycorrhizae, regulatory plant pathology, biotic and abiotic plant disease diagnosis, plant disease survey tactics.
