
ROBERT SMITH
Agricultural Engineer
Phone: 0123-456-789 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY
Worked on capital projects to replace worn machines and improve layout of production lines. Work with APOP Engineers to develop test plans to conduct validation testing of new machines to ensure part quality and machine reliability. Create schedules for machine replacement. Direct electrical and mechanical contractors to remove and install machines and modify production lines. Develop machine specifications for purchase of new machines. Modify machine jigs to improve performance.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Designing Skills, Planning Skills, Developing Skills.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Agricultural Engineer
ABC Corporation - 1995-01 - 1995
Key Deliverables:
Assured machinery operates efficiently, conduct repairs and regular maintenance as equipment requires.
Provided assistance in all aspects of crop and beef cattle production.
Designed and formulated farm related machines and structures to improve overall efficiency and fabrication.
Reduced time to vaccinate cattle and stress 50% by designing and installing a new head-gate,
Designed and fabricated a 20-ton shop press which diminished effort required to disassemble/assemble bearings, sheaves, and sprockets on farm equipment.
Minimized feed time to one hour a day and increased operator comfort via devising a bale spear on pick-up truck.
Implemented is ongoing and includes the experimental scale up of the system while maintaining the economic viability.
Agricultural Engineer
Delta Corporation - 1991 - 1995
Key Deliverables:
Prepared numerous New Source Review, Standard Permit. Permit by Rule, and Title V applications for several industries Worked onsite as a temporary.
Responsible for coordinating and directing the vegetative crop seed for the expansion of pineapple production area of new varieties of fruit.
During my career I have been a internal consultant and external in banana production projects developed in Costa Rica, Honduras.
Aide and maintain strict standards of Keystone foods live bird procedures.
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
