
Tyler Lane
1 Main Street, New Cityland, CA 91010
Cell: 5553227337 example-email@example.com
Summary
Landscape Gardener passionate about designing beautiful and flourishing outdoor spaces. Dedicated to collaborating with clients to create functional and atmospheric landscapes for their homes and businesses. Hard worker with a passion for the outdoors.
Highlights
Drought-resistant techniques
Invasive species knowledge
Japanese gardens
Lawn repair specialist
Detail-oriented
Experience
Extensive native plants knowledge Creative design expertise
Team leadership
Project management
. Excellent planning ability
BC Landscaping
Landscape Crew Leader
New Cityland, CA
Manage work of 5+ day laborers in completing landscaping projects. Landscape and maintain private residence and commercial building grounds. Complete all timesheets and paperwork on time and accurately. Ensure equipment is well-cared for and maintained in optimal condition. Communicate with management regarding schedule and service issues. Keep job sites safe and secure for employees and equipment.
Lawn Pro Landscaper
New Cityland, CA
Applied fertilizers to ground covers and plants to promote growth.
Pruned hedges, trees, and bushes to sculpt look and reduce size. Raked, mulched, and performed general upkeep for clients.
Designed and installed garden walls.
Planted new flowers, bushes, trees, and grass according to specifications. Cut grass and trimmed around garden areas, trees, and other obstacles.
Green Team Garden Care
Landscaper
New Cityland, CA
2009-07 to Current
2006-03 to 2009-06
2004-04 to 2006-02
Installed rock gardens, ponds, and irrigation systems in accordance with client specifications. Mowed and edged lawns and flowerbeds.
Planted seeds, bulbs, ground covers, and trees.
Mixed and sprayed fertilizers, herbicides, and insecticides onto grass, shrubs, and trees. Arranged shrubs, trees, and flowers to create particular landscape effects.
Certifications
Certified Landscape Technician, California Landscape Contractors Association
