
howard gerrard
accountant
deyjob.com, birmingham
01234567890 info@dayjob.com
in linkedin/name
work experience
company name
accountant - location
summary
howard is considered an expert at managing a company's finances and looking after its accounts. he is able to perform mathematical calculations with speed as well as accuracy and can be relied upon to provide accurate and trustworthy information about financial transactions. he is confident in his ability to play a strategic role in any business.
education
university
course details
2010-2013
2016-present
responsible for ensuring the smooth running of the accounts department. advising and updating the director on irregularities or concerns about invoices and financial matters.
keeping financial control records for expenditures, allotments and receipts etc.
verifying financial documents for validity, accuracy and completeness.
managing the receipts and deposits of cash and bank transactions.
ensuring that all invoices and staff reimbursements are paid accurately.
company name
accountant - location
2015-2016
maintaining the quality of financial controls. organising and co-ordinating the work of junior accounting personnel. locating errors in accounting records.
assisting colleagues in other departments with preparation of the annual budget.
implementing departmental accounting policies, procedures and processes. using financial tools and techniques to evaluate business opportunities.
presenting accounting data in a clear and understandable manner.
company name
accountant-location
2014-2015
reviewing monthly departmental profit and losses. assisting with financial and tax audits. detecting and preventing fraud. controlling income and expenditure.
documenting internal financial controls and producing detailed expenditure reports. completing vat returns as well as writing cheques and setting up bacs payments. writing large cheques for suppliers and setting up bacs payments for clients. giving professional accounting advice to those who ask for it or need it.
modules
more text
college
course details
company name
accountant-location
2008-2010
2013-2014
responsible for drafting responses to queries in respect of submitted accounting computations. creating, implementing and monitoring staff bonus schemes.
subject
more text
school
2003-2008
skills
course details
accounts
english a
maths 8
physics geography d
ms word
reports
supervising
tax returns
payrolls
