 andrew williamson accountant dayjob.com, street birmingham b18 01234567890 info@dayjob.com facebook.com/your name career accountant 2015-present accountant 2014-2015 accountant 2013-2014 accountant 2012-2013 company name location involved in working within financial accounting team and responsible for preparing, examining, and analyzing accounting records, financial statements, and other financial reports. reporting to senior managers regarding the company's finances. reporting to managers on the company's finance. advising on the financial implications of decisions. detecting and preventing company financial fraud. liaising with internal and external auditors. location company name accurately and promptly processing documentation. preparing monthly reconciliations of balance sheet accounts. supporting senior management in specific investigations into departmental management accounts. dealing with any financial irregularities. company name location preparing annual financial statements. carrying out any other accounting related duties as assigned by the accounting management. collecting raw financial data. conducting regular business reviews. company name location developing policy for company treasury. preparing standard accounting reports and summaries for financial analysis. supporting team members on all accounting issues. reviewing the company's finances. university name academic 2006-2009 course details more details 2004-2006 2000-2004 course details more details course details maths college name school name english geography profile highly organized, detail orientated and dependable professional who has the ability to apply her accounting knowledge and experience to diverse range of financial issues. andrew is hard-working, dedicated and ambitious accountant who possesses strong theoretical and practical knowledge of generally accepted accounting principles. he has track record of making direct impact on operations. pro skills ability to effectively present financial data and information to all levels. knowledge of liquidity and financial risk monitoring procedures and processes. being accurate under pressure and can remain focused on minute details. technical knowledge of both national and global accounting principles. per skills always the first to volunteer for difficult projects that other staff may shy away from. not afraid to stand up to wrong doing and if necessary prepared to challenge others. never giving up on task half way through and instead always seeing it to the end. references available on request. twitter.com/name in linkedin.com/name
