
Robert Smith Apparel Sales Associate II
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
1234567899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Good organizational skills and ability to multitask. Strong leadership, administrative, and organizational skills. Exceptional interpersonal skills and ability to work with people from all backgrounds. Ability to work well within a team and individually. Reliable, resourceful, hard working, long term employee.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Apparel Sales Associate II
ABC Corporation
Responsibilities:
2012-09 - 2014-10
Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs. Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers.
Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires.
Compute sales prices, total purchases and receive and process cash or credit payment.
Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise.
Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices.
Place special orders or call other stores to find desired items.
Apparel Sales Associate
Walmart
2007 - 2012
Responsibilities:
My job requires me to answer any questions customers may have, and to be of any help to them.
While doing my job; to neatly put away any clothing, by color and size on shelves, or end caps.
Fold clothes and towels and put them in their department.
Do have store opening and closing experience, as well as being an overnight stocker.
Am cashler trained in my job, I scan customers products.
Am a backup cashier when needed.
know how to set up modulars for products..
Education
High School Diploma - 2012Lamar Consolidated High School - Rosenberg, TX
SKILLS
Journalism, Spanish, Dance, Broadcasting, 3 Years Of Art, Speech, Child Development, Automotive, Health, Business Managment...
LANGUAGES
English Native
French Professional Spanish Professional
INTERESTS Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 Company Name
Reference 2 Company
Name
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
