
FASHION DESIGNER
KINA LANE
City, State
0000000000
Email@email.com
SKILLS
Operating Systems
Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X.
Programs
Office suite and Adobe Creative Suite.
SUMMARY
I am very passionate towards my work which includes designing, pattern making, stitching. fashion illustrations, printing and surface development. I am a creative person with versatile skills. For best output, I am always ready to play with color and shapes. My main objective is to put my best effort and endeavor in the Fashion Industry.
WORK HISTORY
Fashion India
Fashion Designer
2016-05 Present
Stylistic design for the woman's clothing line Nina Aghen: trends and material research, planning of models and placed print, sketches and drawings development, plates, technical data sheets and colour charts.
Work in the field of communication and supervision with respect to every phase of the production, management of relationships with suppliers and contractors, assistance to pattern makers for the development of prototypes and fitting, direct dialogue with clothing manufacturers, quality control of cutting and packaging.
Customer Service in a showroom and by the office.
Style assistance for shootings.
Wings 2 Fashion
Fashion Designer
Stylistic research of trends and materials.
2016-04 2014-04
-
Designed of underwear, beachwear and homeward collections for the woman, man, and child.
Designed of trend books, mood boards and, various tablet woman, man, and child in different age groups for the fair Interfilière Paris.
Creation of sketches in various artistic techniques, the design of patterns, prints, and models.
Array Clothing
2011-08 2014-03
Technical Skills
Fashion Designer
MacBook
MS Word
Adobe Photoshop
Easily Operate Window
Drawing Skill
Doodling
Illustration
Calligraphy
Promoted new fashion and coordinated promotional activities such as fashion shows.
Created all original designs from proto to approvals sources, all trends and fabrics dealt with manufacturers regarding production skilled wardrobe stylist.
Indian Fabric Wholesale
Assistant Designer
Constructed tech packs.
Designed logos using Illustrator and Photoshop.
Sketched garments and constructed clothing.
Assisted in the specking of garments.
Sourced fabric, researched fashion trends.
2011-07-2009-04
HOBBIES
Running
Swimming
Gym and Yoga
Painting and Drawing
EDUCATION
Lovely Professional University Bachelor of Fashion Designing
LANGUAGES
INTERESTS
Art
English
Spanish French
Dining out
Fashion
.
Current Events
Traveling
Reading/Poetry
Attending Public Events
2010
