
jane q. example
2231 stadium drive hendersonville, tn 37075
support@cpresumes.com 6155371036
fashion design fashion design
extremely creative and well developed fashion design professional with extensive experience in orchestrating all aspects of children's clothing design operations while demonstrating attuned attention to detail and inventive qualities. astute knowledge of girls toddlers clothing lines, as well as various computerized fashion design programs. actively pursuing a fashion design position in an operational environment that will effectively utilize acquired artistic skills and abilities while demonstrating over 14 years of experience in the professional field.
areas of expertise
girls infant/toddler clothing sizes color swatch and flat sketch women's wear
presentation boards
fashion design computer programs project coordination
fine and industrial arts woven patches and embroidery
qualifications
✓ dynamically artistic fashion design professional with extensive experience in designing infant, toddler, and women's wear clothing with an associate degree from the newark school of fine and industrial arts
✓ impeccable knowledge of girls sizes 2t-4t, 4-6x, and 7-16 with a proven ability to creatively develop new designs and layouts using various strategies and computer programs
solid communication, interpersonal, time management, analytical, organizational, and leadership skills
✓ quick learner with an ability to easily grasp new ideas, concepts, methods and technologies, including proficiency in adobe illustrator, excel, style way cad, and free hand
✓ extremely energetic, dependable, and self-motivated with a high degree of collaborative work integrity
mamiye sales - new york, ny
professional profile
feb. 2003 ~ feb. 2007
designer
designed girls infant, toddler clothing while performing lap dip approvals, color swatches, flat sketch, presentation boards, layouts, embroidery, woven patches, computer designs, and fittings baby togs new york, ny designer
feb. 2002 jan. 2003
implemented the design of girls toddlers clothing, utilizing adobe illustrator and excel computer programs
h.i.s. international, inc. new york, ny fashion designer
dec. 1997 ~ feb. 2002
creatively designed girls 2t-4t, 4-6x, 7-16 fittings and performed lap dip approvals, color swatches, flat sketch, prints, layouts, repeats, woven patches, embroidery, computer designs, licensee work, and private label
the children's place - west caldwell, nj assistant designer
oct. 1995 dec. 1997
implemented flat sketch, repeats, design acc., play wear, lap dip approvals, and intro, to ula
kukoff industries - newark, nj
assistant designer
sep. 1994 ~ oct. 1995
performed the design of women's wear, repeats, and layouts by using adobe illustrator and heat appliqué
education and training
newark school of fine and industrial arts in newark, nj
associates degree in fashion design
jane q. example resume
references available upon request
