
contact
info@resumekraft.com
+12025550114
charlotte, north carolina
in https://www.linkedin.com/gray
gray hudson
buyer/merchandiser
education
m.s. in global fashion enterprise 2016-08 - 2018-05 the university of texas
member of delta mu delta
thesis: business expansion of abercrombie and fitch
graduated with 3.93 gpa
bachelor in management 2013-06 - 2016-04
ny institute of technology
concentration in marketing
thesis: research on marketing strategy of l'oréal
graduated with 3.9 gpa
skills
microsoft office - word, powerpoint, excel
adobe suite - photoshop, illustrator, indesign
analytical skills
plm software - yunique gerber
problem solving
marketing
summary
highly accomplished professional with two years of experience in the fashion industry in areas of buying, merchandising, forecasting, market analysis, and customer service. a double degree in the same has enhanced my capacity to work on the deliverables to produce a considerable output.
experience
assistant buyer trainee
martin grand westside home
2019-09 present
assist the buyer in creating core product mixes that are customer oriented and curated to achieve company profit.
concepted, sourced and developed product categories in the home department along with the buyer.
attends key meetings such as bestsellers, design, costing and sample approval. analyzed sales figures on a daily basis, with special emphasis on inventory levels and vendor performance.
analyzed sales product performance to determine if markdowns were required. created visual merchandising strategies and executed them across 80 stores. collaborated with cross functional teams including merchandising, sourcing technology, marketing.
maintained industry knowledge: researched and explored marketplace and category trends
assistant buyer
jvm forman mills
2018-08 2019-04
maintained open to buy report and delivery log and managed receipt flow to ensure optimum sales and inventory results.
reviewed, processed and tracked monthly replenishment orders, as well as emergency orders when applicable.
ensured timely delivery of merchandise through consistent communication with vendors and distribution center.
generated and distributed weekly sales and style selling reports for the divisional merchandising manager.
analyzed sales figures, customer's reactions and market trends to anticipate product needs and plan product ranges/stock.
collaborated with suppliers, distributors and analysts to negotiate prices, quantities and time-scales
merchandising intern
the new standard edition
2018-01 2018-05
contributed to different projects undertaken by the buyer and designer.
initiated a new bedding line of comforters and sheet sets in bed, bath and beyond and an active wear line in footlocker.
planned and developed merchandising strategies for these brands that would balance customers' expectations and objectives.
updated inventory on the new standard edition website on a timely basis, managed e-commerce business and researched opportunities to grow revenue.
researched potential target customers for new its brand. identified pop up shop opportunity and essential sales events.
