
Robert Smith
Apparel Manager
Phone 123 456 78 99
Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
SUMMARY
Lead the overall POD teams design/development in the creation of short and long-term strategies, tactical product executions and innovations as the leader in Performance Apparel. To execute and manage the product process from clear briefs to range launch. To provide briefs which give clear product direction and information to development and design partners.
SKILLS
Customer Service, Creativity, Communication Skills.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Apparel Manager
ABC Corporation - 1985-1987
.
.
Manage daily retail operations.
Responsible for interviewing, placement, training and managing employees in clothing and millinery sales.
Promote new fashions, and designed and conducted marketing surveys,
Demonstrate creative skills with the recognized in-store layout for buying appeal.
Play a significant role in helping this store ranked top ten for sales in the Southern Region. To manage an effective sales strategy for the store.
Develop effective relationships with management to ensure the timely delivery of merchandise.
Apparel Manager
Delta Corporation - 2014-2015
Scheduled employees Sold apparel Stock duties Oversaw sales staff.
Responsible for inventory control, scheduling of all departments, merchandising, and handling of all currency transactions.
.
Another important responsibility was recruiting, hiring, and training of potential and employed personnel.
Employee supervision, scheduling, payroll, inventory control, and marketing.
Provided overall management of menswear, ladies, childrens and accessory departments
producing $4.3 million in sales Tracked inventory and sales.
Monitored and redistributed inventory to equalize stock levels among 12 stores.
Conducted on-the-job training for new assistant managers.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and Marketing-Troy State University - Troy, AL
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
