
Emily Mikaelah Fernandez
305.975.2506 Emily Fernandez@fitnyc.edu
Objective
To acquire a position at your company to aid in furthering my career.
Experience
New York Fashion Week Intern Daniel Vosovic Manhattan, NY 2011 Assisted throughout preparation of the show in event set up. Worked primarily with models back stage steaming, and dressing models for runway show and for outfit changes throughout show. Worked with designer and production company to ensure professional care and assistance with high-end garments and accessories.
New York Fashion Week Intern Band of Outsiders Manhattan, NY 2011 Worked with designer and production company to assist in show setup including model run throughs, setting up back stage areas and seating, ushering, and backstage access security. Worked backstage with models dressing, performing run-throughs, steaming, and preparing high-end garments and accessories. Senior Sales Associate at MIT Level Anthropologie Coral Gables, FL 2009-11 Managed floor and other employees, trained new-hires, Sales and Accessories Specialist, payroll, emailed sales goals to corporate, banking, cashiering, fitting rooms, loss prevention, stock, assisted in merchandising, setting up visual displays, in-store event planning, promotion, and personal shopping for clientele.
Senior Sales Associate Lululemon Athletica Sunrise, FL 2008-09
Sales specialist on floor, assisted customers in personal shopping, in charge of visual displays, assisted in store event planning, merchandising, cashiering, stock, loss prevention, and promotion.
Senior Sales Associate Michael's Arts and Crafts Sunrise, FL 2006-2009
Sales specialist on floor, assisted customers, assisted in store event planning, cashiering, stock, loss prevention, banking, and promotion.
Education
Fashion Institute of Technology
1-Year Advanced Associated Program
Evening Wear Apparel Specialization
BFA in Fashion Design Manhattan, NY 2011-Present
Florida International University AAS in Fine Arts Miami, FL 2009-2011 3.7 GPA Dean's List
Skills
Bilingual English/Spanish, Microsoft Office, Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Outlook, Draping, Sewing, Illustration, 70 GWAM.
Referrals
Available upon request.
