 robert smith senior accountant contact details 1737 marshville road, alabama 1234567899 info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com personal statement dedicated accountant with over 10 years of experience and proficiencies in account management, flow, reporting, and across many business areas. business experience in financial analysis and management. attention to detail in client management, evaluating economic and business trends, completion of financial details, and organizational skills. results oriented leader with process management skills to complete tasks within budget and on time. adept at financial review, research, and analysis in fast paced environment. work experience senior accountant abc corporation - 2011-01 - present responsibilities: performing general accounting and financial activities including journal entry preparation and posting as well as account analysis and accrual/reserve analysis. developing financial statements including balance sheet, income statement and cash flow. continuously monitoring all financial and statistical reports for accurate completion of the federal emergency management agency fema financial statement. preparing financial and business related analysis and research in such areas as financial and expense performance, rate of return, depreciation, working capital, and investments. working closely with other finance teams and with other departments to receive, retrieve and consolidate data and ensure data integrity in reporting. analyzing monthly department budgeting and accounting reports to maintain expenditure controls. consolidating monthly reporting packages, forecasts, and annual budgets and analyze trends in revenue, expense, capital expenditures, and other related areas. accountant abc corporation 2007-07 2010-12 responsibilities: reviewed, analyzed, processed and maintained accounting and financial transactions and records to ensure operational quality and efficiency measures are achieved. performed variety of accounting functions that supported organization-wide operations and maintained the accuracy of general and expenditure ledgers and financial systems. accomplished daily and monthly receiving of bank deposits and subsequent cash and billing adjustments to corresponding accounts. assisted with invoicing, processing payments and resolving collection issues. © this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines skills quickbooks, microsoft office, adp payroll, prosystem fx tax, cch practice management, abacus accounting languages english native french professional spanish professional interests climbing snowboarding cooking reading references reference - company name reference - company name
