
ROBERT SMITH
Associate Apparel Manager
Phone: 0123-456-789 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY
To drive the overall strategic business vision for a category of product. To analyze business performance and present strategic next steps to leadershipBuild product assortments with a data driven mindset
CORE COMPETENCIES
Strong communication, interpersonal, analytical, problem-solving, computer, creativity.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Associate Apparel Manager
ABC Corporation - 2014-05 2015-09
Key Deliverables:
Develop department goals, and executable merchandising staff, all other internal Sportswear strategies to accomplish them.
Present towards the goals and supervise and manage and efficient operation of the organization
To evaluate progress and accomplishments Provide effective training in the areas of customer service, product knowledge, inventory management. Init late and generate business analysis sales development and visual merchandising. To track selling, identify key trends and Aggressively drive growth of the business maximize opportunities in the assortment by identifying opportunities and developing in order to achieve growth and action plans to maximize best results. Continuously challenge business process Maintain positive open lines of communication for improved practices and efficiency.
Lead and manage a team of tech designers, production staff and our global suppliers fabric mills, trim andamp; factories
Drive lower costs and higher quality across all product with more strategic suppliers
Apparel Manager
Delta Corporation - 2010 - 2014
Key Deliverables:
Customer Service Apparel Sales Shoe Sales Cash Registers.
Assembling floor designs and displays, merchandising new product and planning how inventory is featured Provide product knowledge to customers Train.
Managed a crew of associates Detailed by keeping binders of invoices and reports of department and backroom Responsible for scheduling crew up to Maintained visual standards in mens, womens, and childrens active and seasonal apparel Freight flow processing Responsible for staffing, training..
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
