
robert smith clothing sales associate
contact details
1737 marshville road, alabarna
1234567899 info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
personal statement
a friendly, loyal and clearly dedicated clothing sales associate with less than a year of experience who has the ambition to succeed in any given environment. love to learn and i am always up to challenge whatever the situation. i get along well with others, i also work efficiently on my own. i am seeking a position where i can interact, assist customers/guest/patients,
work experience
clothing sales associate
banana republic 2017-01 2017-10
responsibilities:
responsible for sizing sorting ticketing and theft censoring clothing. worked in receiving from customers and was an excellent cashier. was a go-to person for customers concerns and questions and helped measure people for suits and other garments as needed.
suggested the fashion styles for those in need. helped train new hires as well as making tasks more manageable throughout the store.
kept the store clean and organized on a daily basis.
skilled in handling customers at rush hour and collecting payment for sold merchandise.
assisted customers in finding proper clothing products to match their next adventure.
clothing sales associate
budas boutique - 2016-02 2016-11
responsibilities:
handled returns and answering questions about the products, policy, and services.
responsible for ensuring exemplary customer service by delivering the ultimate experience.
developed a personal clientele through effective use of the selling skills, proactive client outreach and use of client book.
communicated the brand aesthetic, brand philosophy and lifestyle to the customer.
demonstrated interest and ability to work as part of a team. accurately processed all pos transactions.
adhered to and applied the visual directives, ensured that the store standards are executed daily.
education
high school or equivalent in diploma - 2013-08 to may 2016miami jackson senior high school - miami, fl high school or equivalent -
skills
customer service, cash handling, housekeeping. microsoft word, basic computer
languages
english native french professional spanish professional
interests
climbing snowboarding cooking reading
references
reference 1 company name reference 2 company
name
© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
