 nyiman socia footwear designer short summary / introduction highly creative and detail-oriented individual. extraordinary achievements in designing and creating footwear collections and conducting detailed marketing research. excellent time management skills and strong ability to perform well under pressure. personal details phone no :- 8467443988 email :-footwearsocia@gmail.com linkedin-linkedin.com/in/nyiman-socia address:- 34/12, east patel nagar, noida skills technology/ functional adobe illustrator autodesk design software c-design fashion creativity detail-orientation time management shoe cad extra-mural engagements positions of responsibility managed the footwear designing for various fashion designers including gaurav gupta, sabysachi and masaba gupta. designed footwear for various events including mr and ms incredible india and femina fresh face pageant in 2018. volunteering volunteered for awareness programme on world tribal day in 2019. volunteered for ganga cleanliness drive in 2018. member of foodforall ngo till 2018. education footwear design and development institute, noida b.des footwear design and production 2017 ryan public school, itanagar senior secondary 2014 professional enhancements courses advanced course in adobe illustrator in 2018. course in design and pattern cutting in 2017. course in shoe cad in 2017. experience / internship metro shoes, noida footwear designer 2017-07 - 2019-07 designed tpu and tpr out soles on adobe illustrator. contributed to seasonal trends, themes, colours and styling. worked with technical design in preparing and ensuring accuracy from initial concepts to technical design cards. made prototype corrections, confirmed sales samples and informed the sales team of any modification. worked with design manager to help in putting design concepts within the time frame as per the seasonal calendar. created technical packages for designed footwear. created trend presentations for merchandising and sales department. les perros shoes, noida assistant footwear designer 2016-04 - 2016-11 successfully translated subject matter into concrete design for samples and sales. assisted in detailing collection and then inputting information into the flex plm computer system, for the creation of spec documents. became familiar with trim and footwear market in search of new developments and interesting details that helped in distinguishing the product from the competition. created illustrations, logos and layouts using photoshop and illustrator.
