
steve hill
fashion retail assistant
summary
dayjob ltd, 120 vyse street, birmingham b186nf t: 00 441216380026 w: www.dayjob.com
a confident, energetic retail assistant who is passionate about high street fashion and excited by this challenging fast paced environment. able to take initiative and plan efficiently without having to take direction at all times, and working in a fashion retail store that has a annual turnover of £2 million. a strong team leader with an entrepreneurial spirit, who thinks outside of the box, and enjoys being an ambassador for the business. now looking for a opportunity to work for a company who truly value their staff and will strive to develop their career to the next stage.
skills
fashion
styling
art and design buyer
brand knowledge creative thinking fashion drawing pattern making corsetry
retail
customer service skills up selling
it literate
marketing and promotions deadline orientated great sense of style stockroom procedures attention to detail
personal
sociable personality
team player self motivated creative responsible
dedicated
high levels of integrity loyalty
career
retail assistant
fashion retailer
2009-05 - present
working as part of an enthusiastic team within a commercial, sales driven and fast paced fashion retail environment. responsible for driving sales, ensuring good customer service, building relationships suppliers, and ensuring the smooth running of the shop floor.
actively greeting customers and maintaining a level of conversation during their store visit.
taking decisive action to improve the branch performance.
academic
dealing with all customer complaints in a professional and courteous manner. sourcing major and unique fashion shows and events.
attending and representing the business at trade shows and external events. maintaining superb visual standards within the store.
promoting specific lines under the guidance of management.
unpacking and checking all new stock deliveries.
fashion sales assistant
department store
nuneaton university
fashion and design ba hons
nuneaton college
2006-2009
2004-2006
2009-02 2009-05
