 robert smith apparel manager info@qwikresume.com linkedin profile qwikresume.com to manage the development team translating designs into commercialized products for all categories, including apparel, essentials and footwear. this cross functional role will work with multiple stakeholders to proactively to market. experience apparel manager abc corporation 2013-11 2014-08 trains store staff by reviewing and revising orientation to products and sales training materials; delivering training sessions; reviewing staff job results and learning needs with retail store manager, developing and implementing new product training. evaluates competition by visiting competing stores: gathering information such as style, quality, and prices of competitive merchandise. attracts customers by originating display ideas; following display suggestions or schedules; constructing or assembling prefabricated display properties producing merchandise displays in windows and showcases, and on sales floor. . helps customers by providing information: answering questions; obtaining merchandise requested; completing payment transactions preparing merchandise for delivery. prepares sales and customer relations reports by analyzing and categorizing sales information: identifying and investigating customer complaints and service suggestions. maintains safe and clean store environment by developing and publishing evacuation routes; determining and documenting locations of potentially dangerous materials and chemicals. maintains inventory by checking merchandise to determine inventory levels; anticipating customer demand. apparel manager delta corporation - 2011 - 2013 visual merchandising, display design, store management, product distribution, hiring and training sta, client services. increased sales dramatically in accessories andamp; apparel deparments by ectively analyzing demographics, trends, velocities andamp; sales data, then. to ensure that apparel department runs efficiently and effectively. duties indude managing and motivating the team to increase sales and ensure efficiency: managing stock levels and making key decisions about stock. this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com, usage guidelines
