
Robert Smith Apparel Manager II
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
1234567899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
To responsible for develop, manage and execute merchandise and marketing strategies that will lead to meeting and exceed sales and margin goalsMonitor and update forecasts due to sales trends, merchandise availability and other changes in the business.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Apparel Manager II
MC Sports
2012-03-2020
Responsibilities:
..
To include but not limited to running register/ cash wrap, working the floor helping customers, stocking product on shelves, cleaning up the store as needed, folding clothes and returning product to respectful
areas.
To fulfill some office work the managers requested me to do which included logging employee purchases, faxing in problem logs for rewards system, logging markups and clearances, as well as attendance records for each week.
To unload the weekly truck shipment, getting the clothing hung up. censor tagged and merchandised on the sales floor.
In my time with this company I have done training for management and 3points online training of product sold in stores.
Too handle transfers between stores, RTVS return to vendor, ship to the customer, and markdowns/ups/clearances as sent by corporate. To started out in the Wooster, OH location but was offered a promotion to my current position at the Medina, OH location.
Develop seasonal buy strategy including assortment plans, financial/class plan development, forecasts.
Apparel Manager
Delta Corporation 2007-2012
Responsibilities:
Greeting customers, helping customers find what they are looking for, managing a team of 12 associates, inventory.
Skills andamp; Acknowledgements Great people skills.
Great computer skills.
Promotion from Apparel Lead to Apparel Manager.
Establish a relationship with a new vendor and worked with the vendor to start an online store for the team, where supporters could not only buy.
Stock, inventory, designed a new look to attract customers every week, unload truck etc.
Analyze figures and forecasted future sales to maximize profits as well as interpreted trends to facilitate planning Dealt with staffing issues.
SKILLS
Creativity. Communication skills.
LANGUAGES English Native French Professional Spanish Professional
INTERESTS Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference - 1 Company Name
Reference - 2 Company Name
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
