
jesse kendall
designer / design director
5555555555, jkendall@notmail.com
123 elm street, new york, ny 10010
fashion designer and director known for design innovation, forward thinking, and extraordinarily inspired collections, which produced top sales season after season. successfully provided theme, trend, color, fabric, and trim inspiration / direction for high- end design corporations, including dkny and calvin klein. transformed initial concepts into extremely marketable fashion deliveries. exceptional illustration and artwork skills; featured in multiple international publications.
areas of excellence
trend research/forecasting tech pack specifications →illustration/artwork
fabric direction presentation boards
→ product development
→line development →color direction → garment fit evaluation
comprehensive portfolio available upon request
career highlights
design director
abc jeans juniors, new york, ny - 20xx to 20xx
led a team of designers, assistant designers, and graphic designers in collection development. expertly managed workloads, calendars, and employees and met rigorous deadlines. ensured associates were well trained in all aspects of operations, ranging from research to tech pack specifications to finished product. maintained quality standards through communications and direction across the team. utilized illustration skills in artwork development. ensured correct style and achieved proper fit in attendance at fittings. played an integral role in product development meetings. set up showrooms for market. delivered results:
.
played a key role in creating the best-selling collections in the history of abc jeans junior division to date; brought mastery as head designer from bcd to the role and elevated style and standards.
. traveled to europe and japan on multiple inspiration shopping trips; attended premier vision in paris, france, for fabric research, selection, and direction. styled the line; provided theme inspiration and color direction per delivery.
head designer
bcd jeans, new york, ny - 19xx to 20xx
managed four lines and all designers. conducted extensive international trend research, theme inspiration, and color direction to produce fresh new collections. traveled to europe to observe and investigate trends, inspiration, research fabric, and select fabrics. styled the line; transformed visions into artwork. oversaw line production, attended product development meetings, and prepared showroom setups.
delivered results:
. earned recognition for generating the highest sales for the company.
received press recognition at high-profile events, which further promoted the brand.
freelance:
designer design studio 21-ny, new york, ny 1993 to 1995 designer synari ltd., new york, ny - 1988 to 1993
-
education:
bachelor of science degree, fashion design fashion institute of technology, new york, ny
award:
fashion of the future design talent award fgh magazine
