
oliver sim fashion designer
5401 68th street, los angeles, ca 90215 tel: 5555555555/cell: 5555555555/oliversim@att.net
blends excellent design skills, strong technical background and solid fashion sense to create innovative and cost-effective designs
organized, award-winning designer with a proven ability to get results in fast-paced, rapidly changing environments. broad range of experience working with production, trim, costing and technical departments. determined problem-solver, skilled manager and dedicated team player.
computer skills include quarkxpress, photoshop, pagemaker and ms word.
areas of expertise
fresh, innovative designs
fabric sourcing and selection win-win negotiations
employment history
sales/trend analysis
cost management marketing/sales support
payne healy, a division of bhs international, new york, ny
standardized design processes
production efficiencies
color story creation
manufacturer of ladies suits -payne healy, dunlop and primrose, and private label associate designer
1999-present
recruited as company's first designer with accountability for developing lines and implementing formal design processes. report directly to vice president of product development with accountability for all product development - from initial sketch and color stories, to fabric selection/sourcing and working with production to ensure timely delivery. design responsibilities have included women's suits, women's size separates, junior suits and fashion coats. supervise two assistants.
developed company's first standard design processes/tools, reducing errors and increasing efficiency. defined look for contemporary line of women's suits, played key role in naming the line, and developed the artwork for the labels and hangtags.
brought sample production from south america into the us, cutting sample creation time from 4-6 weeks to 1-2 days. this allowed greater flexibility and a faster turnaround.
kept lines fresh, interesting and cost-effective by shopping trade shows and fabric markets for new trends and innovative fabrics, buttons, hardware and trim.
j. fowler inc., new york, ny
designer and manufacturer of custom-made women's apparel for daywear and special occasions assistant designer
1997-1999
managed workroom of patternmaker and five sewers. organized workload, including cutting, construction, finishing, pressing and shipping of couture/made-to-measure women's apparel. worked closely with designer on everything from initial collection concepts to adapting final products for individual clients. showed the collections and worked closely with sales director on line presentation.
