
Robert Smith
Senior General Accountant
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabarna
1234567899 info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Highly motivated and result-oriented General Accountant with 10 years of experience in the Finance dornain, with extensive experience in corporate accounting and financial reporting, including accounting operations, financial analysis, forecasting, SOX compliance, and accounting system implementation. Known for collaborative style in building cohesive relationships and coordinating between various corporate offices and departments, and with great work ethics.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior General Accountant
Fannie Mae
2011-12 - Present
Responsibilities:
Providing support during the monthly closing cycle andndash; compiling, analyzing, and recording the results to General Ledger.
Analyzing the financial results, preparing flux analysis reports and forecasting results for next month close.
Preparing monthly analytics package, presenting to the Executive Management and Corporate Board as needed.
Responsible for accurate reporting of time-sensitive quarterly
disclosures, footnotes, cash flow statement, FHFA call reports and other reporting obligation for 10-K and 10-Q filing.
Researching and analyzing the highly complex accounting issues, identify root causes and propose changes for improvement.
Evaluating new policies and procedures for operational and control impacts.
Assisting with reviewing existing controls to mitigate potential risk factors within the assigned process/areas.
Senior Financial Analyst
ABC Corp. 2007-09 - 2011-12
Responsibilities:
Responsible for accurate reporting of financial results, data/report validation related to cash andamp; commitment accounting, loan accounting, fair value treatment and principal/interest.
Performed and analyzed monthly activities and trending of the loan portfolio.
Monitored and reported key financial and non-financial data metrics based on performance results.
Took ownership of account chart field process - setting up the new account, cash flow, and line item.
Identified control weaknesses, communicated to management, and proposed process changes.
Assisted with audit testing and requests, and maintained/updated policy and procedures as needed.
Responsible for daily financial accounting activities including positive
check pay, ach fraud filter, stop.
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
SKILLS
Payroll, Accounts Payable, Accounts: Receivable, Human Resources, Office Management, Office Applications, Financial Reporting, Quickbooks, MAS 90, Wordpress
LANGUAGES
English Native French Professional Spanish Professional
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 Company
Name
Reference 2 Company Name
