 bea counter 111 eastern street carson city, illinois 60936 555.555.5555 res 444.444.4444 cell counter@msn.com accounting manager/cost accountant senior accounting professional with demonstrated expertise in manufacturing systems, cost accounting, and management of general accounting functions. superior analytical skills, practiced at drilling down to transaction/workflow details in support of process and profit improvement. collaborate effectively with business managers to resolve variances, refine forecasts, and identify opportunities for improvement. excellent communicator, fluent in french and creole. computer proficient in sap, avantis, agris, pts, infinium, monarch, ibs, and ms office. additional areas of expertise include: budgeting and planning project management inventory management plant accountant financial analysis erp systems trend analysis professional experience the company carson city, il standard cost analysis variance analysis inventory management 1999-08- present an alliance between dupont and foods limited to bring more great tasting, nutritious soy-foods to the marketplace. produces revenues of $800m and employs 3,000. maintain full charge of all accounting functions for company's second largest plant including cost accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivable, general ledger, financial reporting. fixed assets, inventory control, and payroll. manage staff of and control $1.5m capital project. work closely with business managers to review costs, reconcile variances and identify areas for productivity and cost improvement. perform comprehensive variance analysis and determine root-cause for each significant variance. . examine standard costs against actuals to identify process inefficiencies, improvement opportunities and low- profit products. key contributor to annual budget process, working with various department heads to review historical activities, trends, and future obligations. . recognized for saving plant approximately $500k due to better identification of product flow that resulted in change in accounting methodology. . . . . . manage month-end closing cycle. organized processes and procedures to support 40% reduction in month- end close from to days. key member of sap implementation team for standard cost, ap and gl/financial reporting modules. teamed with internal auditor and controller to revise internal inventory reporting processes resulting in reconciliation of ongoing variance affecting plants. documented reconciliation process in support of best practices. managed physical inventory process and identified warehouse layout improvements that increased efficiencies and alignment with financial ledgers. oversee accounts payable operating and approval process to support production of over 150 checks weekly. authorized check signer, approve all wire transfers over $1m. reconcile inventory at multiple foreign and domestic warehouses and adjust journal entries to balance general ledger with perpetual inventory system. implemented and set up inventory supplies for automatic reorder point. determine plant use tax liability through self-assessment; prepare retailer's occupation and use tax returns. automated plant tax reporting systems. education manchester college, north manchester, indiana bachelor of arts, accounting 1999
