
JESSE KENDALL 123 Elm Street - Miami, FL 33183 Cell: 3055555555jkendall@notmail.com
DESIGN ARCHITECT
Talented and results-oriented senior Architect with strong passion and appreciation for design and detail. Track record of achievement in managing complex architectural and construction projects from inception to completion, including planning, estimating, and client/contractor interactions. Expertise in commercial, residential, health care, and public projects; knowledgeable in sustainable design techniques, applications, and construction codes. Demonstrated ability to deliver projects within strict time deadlines and budget constraints without sacrificing creativity.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ABC Design Partnership, Miami, FL, 20xx - 20xx
Senior Design Architect/Partner: Developed strategic, tactical, short/long-range planning; recruited, hired, trained, and supervised staff. Served as Director of Project Management; devised project management guidelines, reviewed projects with managers, coordinated staffing/scheduling, evaluated commercial project contracts, and established milestones and fee data information. Oversaw proposal development, contract negotiation, bidding, zoning analysis, concept development, design refinement, code review, document production, and construction administration.
Generated $1 million in profit for the company through effective project management.
Designed an innovative prototype for a large multi-family apartment developer, streamlining the product line while providing a very cost-effective, timeless design solution.
Increased efficiency by streamlining the schematic, design development, and construction document phases.
Initiated and created a project-related computer filing system; allowed project information to be efficiently and systematically organized, creating uniformity for each project and the firm.
Notable Projects:
CDE Development Prototype, Miami, FL
Successfully designed the prototype for 300 to 500 unit apartment complexes throughout the U.S.
Grande DEF, St. Petersburg, FL
.
Oversaw the design and project management of a three-building, eight-story condominium with 84 units.
BCD Architects, Miami, FL, 20xx - 20xx
Design Architect: Acted as primary point of contact for clients on a variety of mixed use, multi-family, and resort projects in Florida and throughout the United States. Conducted client meetings; prepared presentation drawings, construction documents, and specifications.
Consistently achieved on-time project completion through effective planning and organization.
Ensured the highest levels of design quality, maintained client satisfaction, and exceeded expectations.
Served as primary member of design team; designed several large urban mixed use projects.
Notable Projects:
EFG Square, Rosemary Beach, FL
Effectively project managed a 21,500 sq. ft., three-story mixed use building of condominiums and retail space. FGH Street Mixed Use, Tampa, FL
Designed the concept for urban mixed use project with hospitality, retail, residential, and parking spaces.
EDUCATION
CERTIFICATIONS
AFFILIATIONS
XYZ University School of Architecture, Miami, FL
Master of Architecture, 20xx, Bachelor of Architecture, 20xx
Registered Architect, Florida / LEED Accredited Professional / NCARB Certificate Extensive CAD experience AutoCAD, Microstation, 2D/3D
American Institute of Architects Member / USGBC Member
