
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Monthly management accounts
Budgeting and forecasting
PandL analyses
Month end procedures
Variance reporting
Computer literacy
Margin analysis
Query resolution
Reporting and management accounting
PROFESSIONAL
CIMA
PERSONAL SKILLS
Numerate
Investigative
Pro-active problem solver
PERSONAL DETAILS
Gary White
34 Made Up Road
Coventry CV66 7RF
T: 024760000000
M: 08872229999 E: gary.w@dayjob.co.uk
DOB: 12/09/1985 Driving license: Yes Nationality: British
Gary White
Assistant accountant
PERSONAL SUMMARY
A confident, multi-skilled and capable assistant accountant with excellent knowledge of finance and accounting procedures. Exceptional analytical and problem solving skills and able to provide financial information to all areas of the business whilst ensuring that all management information is accurate. Having a proven ability to drive out inefficiencies through process improvement as well as assist in the maintenance and development of financial systems and accounting procedures. Now looking for a new and challenging accountancy position, one which will make best use of my existing skills and experience and also further my development.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Construction Company - Coventry ASSISTANT ACCOUNTANT
2008-06 - Present
Supporting the business by assisting to produce accurate financial and
management accounting information on which financial decisions are based. Also involved in compiling financial reports and analyses, whilst working to strict deadlines.
Duties:
Preparing sales invoices and the upkeep of an accurate accounts filing system. Preparation and input of month end journal vouchers.
Inputting, matching, batching and coding of invoices. Debtor and Creditor reconciliations.
Preparation of various reports for senior managers.
Responsible for financial accounts including budgets and cash-flow. Supervising junior financial staff.
Responsible for KPI analysis and evaluation of costs and margins.
Conversant with PAYE and VAT reconciliations.
Conducting regular business reviews of financial performance. Proactively identifying business improvement opportunities. Fixed Asset accounting, reconciliations and depreciation journals. Ensuring that information is accurately collated and entered into systems.
Preparation of bi-weekly invoice and expense claim payment runs.
Assist in the preparation of monthly balance sheet account reconciliations. Inputting of supplier invoices and employee expense claims to the ledgers.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES
Good all round Financial Accounting Knowledge.
Knowledge of Accounts Payable and Receivable processes and procedures. Experience in using SAP and other similar accounting systems. Strong Excel skills.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
BA Hons
Accounting and Finance
Nuneaton University 2005-2008
A levels:
Maths A English B Technology B Science Coventry Central College 2003-2005
REFERENCES - Available on request.
