
jesse kendall
123 elm street tampa, fl 33603 home: 8135555555 mobile: 8134444444 ♦ email: jkendall@notmail.com
registered landscape architect
innovative landscape design and project management. expert in the development of design concepts, technical drawings, graphics, and written reports. core competencies include:
design presentation conceptual layout
> rendering / computer graphics > construction documents
professional history
> grading / draining site / land planning
abc landscape design, tampa, fl
19xx to present
registered landscape architect / principle: direct project coordination, design development, site / master planning, planting design, and construction documentation / specifications for residential, commercial, and golf resort properties. provide visual analysis, land surveys, and proposal submittal. develop compelling design package presentations and ensure excellent client service. acquired necessary permits through state, county, and local agencies.
notable projects:
bcd methodist church, tampa, fl - developed landscape for new church addition and upgrades to existing landscape. worked within a limited budget, phasing strategies to contain initial costs. created maintenance strategies to incorporate limited volunteer support as the main maintenance resource.
cde country club, tampa, fl - redesigned the 9th hole for the golf course and renovated the landscape of the historic carriage house. used photographic visualization used to illustrate the vast potential of the property.
def residence, tampa, fl - helped homeowners to completely redevelop the four-acre site with japanese and woodland gardens. designed and oversaw the installation of hardscape elements such as a tea house, deck, walls, paving, fountain, and fencing. developed a complex and multifaceted planting scheme.
efg landscape design, tampa, fl
19xx to 19xx
project manager 19xx to 19xx: achieved project objectives through effective planning of project activities and leading project teams from sales phase to implementation directed all landscape design projects, overseeing contracts, client service, and proposal development. led all phases of each project including site analysis, budgeting, staffing, scheduling, procurement, installation, and quality control.
assistant landscape designer 19xx to 19xx: completed assignments with instruction from the landscape architect and project manager; ensured full adherence to design integrity and project requirements. partnered with project teams to provide effective landscape architectural solutions. planned work and scheduling throughout all phases of the design process.
education and licensure
bachelor's degree in landscape architecture, cornell university, ithaca, new york 19xx florida registered landscape architect # 3594
affiliations
member, american society of landscape architects asla
19xx to present
member, american society of golf course architects asgca 20xx to present
computer skills
autocad; adobe photoshop, illustrator, and pagemaker; microsoft word, excel, outlook, and powerpoint
- exceptional design portfolio available upon request ~
