
Kevin Frank
SENIOR ACCOUNTANT
info@resumekraft.com
2025550120 Chicago, Illinois, US
in linkedin.com/resumekraft
Skills
Microsoft Office
ERP Systems, Peachtree, Comsys.
Leadership
Organizational Skills
Documentation
Poised under pressure
Hobbies Reading Books
Cycling
Swimming
Cooking
Education
Bachelor Of Commerce
San Jose State University 2010
Masters in Business Administration
Northeastern University 2020-01
Courses
Career Certificate in Accounting
American University In Cairo
2020-02-Present
QFA Qualified Financial Accountant 2018-01
Summary
Experienced Accountant with nine years record in billing and collections combined with solid understanding of legal procedures and legislation. Proficient with wide variety of software applications, including QuickBooks, Odoo and custom accounting software.
Experience
Senior Accountant and Customer Reference
Mediterraneo Group For Importing and Exporting
2020-01-Present
See the contract between the company and the customer and review the terms of payment and guarantees and any other conditions and save the contract files.
Following up the opening of the insurance file and paying the insurance percentage for the contract.
Recording the value of the contract assistants and customer reports as a guide.
Issuing an internal memo to the bank accountant to issue the letters of guarantee related to the terms of payment, if stipulated in the contract. Follow-up of the cash collection or check of the submitted abstract and review the deductions on the check insurance, taxes, fines, etc. and to ascertain the percentage of value added taxes on the contracting, whether the supply of installation / rental equipment The work of a daily manual and entry to the daily value of the extract and deductions in case of deductions
Record the abstract on the American Journal and the assistants. The work of the settlement restrictions required to prove taxes and deductions manual or through the program
Reducing the customer's indebtedness to the value of collection and proof of the assistants and the work of daily hand-held restrictions according to the attached documents from the treasury or the bank accountant.
Prepare daily and weekly reports on customer attitude
Review the accounts of customers and work with customer approvals for periodic reconciliation of the account.
Bank Accountant
Mediterraneo GROUP For Importing And Exporting.
2018-09 2019-12
Prepared journal entries, complete general ledger operations, monthly, year-end closings and draw up financial reports.
Reconcile and maintain balance sheet accounts
Ensured proper recognition of revenue and expenses for departmental cost center activity.
Administer accounts receivable and accounts payable from our banks
