
SARAH LIEBERMAN, LEED AP JUNIOR ARCHITECT
JOB CAPTAIN
2123335555 Iliebermans@net.net
Combines 'hands on' construction background with formal architectural training and leadership experience as job captain for a busy firm. Known as a hard worker who willingly takes on additional responsibility while juggling multiple projects. Deep understanding of construction issues and ability to develop rapport with contractors. Background includes residential, commercial and interiors.
Strengths include:
Conceptual Design
Construction Administration
Materials and Spec Research
Construction Documentation Digital/Physical Modeling Regulatory Compliance
Interior/Exterior Detailing
Cost Summaries/Schedules Client/Staff Relations
WORK EXPERIENCE
SHAW and BENNET ARCHITECTURAL - Secaucus, NJ Job Captain 2009 / Junior Architect 2007-2009
2007 - 2009
Initially hired as a junior architect but quickly promoted. Managed multiple commercial and residential projects with budgets of up to $5 million. Led team of to develop, produce and deliver construction documents. Managed construction administration, zoning applications, building code reviews, and bid packages. Oversaw programming and site analysis.
Overview: Hired during extremely busy period and quickly came up to speed with very little guidance. Promoted into leadership role during challenging period of management change and lay- offs. Successfully raised team morale and handled increased workload with fewer staff.
Retained 100% of clients throughout period of major organizational change, contributing to company's continued growth during economic downturn.
Handled design and construction documentation/administration for variety of residential and commercial projects ranging from 1,000 to 180,000 sq. ft.
Oversaw development of construction documentation for interior design of 250-room Westin hotel. Managed construction administration for the project.
JWC ARCHITECT - New York, NY
Architectural Intern
2005-2006
Developed design concepts and digital models for mall in Westchester, New York. Created digital model and presentation of multiple large custom homes to allow owners to visualize the space.
Construction Experience:
Foreman - Gravina Refurbishments Summer 2005
Plumber's Apprentice - Tibet's Plumbing and HVAC Summer 2004
Electrician's Apprentice - Norfolk Electric Summer 2002 and 2003
EDUCATION
NEW YORK UNIVERSITY, NEW YORK, NY
Master of Architecture 2007 Bachelor of Science in Architecture 2006 Deans List: 2002 To 2007 Studied abroad in France and Italy
LEED AP for New Construction and Major Renovations v2.2 pursuing LEED AP BD+C
Technology: Autodesk, Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator, Google SketchUp, MS Office
