
Resume Accountant
555 Maint St., Chicago, IL 60000, accountant@email.com, 5555556767
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Forensic Accountant
2007 - Present
Fully responsible for recreating financial activity of individuals and corporations. Methods include the analysis of fiscal records, evaluation of public records, assessing intelligence information and interviewing. Identify fraudulent activities through asset identification, cash flow analysis and recovery of business records. Created and implemented databases, systems and forms to maintain consistency in financial profiles through the forensic unit. Worked in conjunction with the United States Attorneys Office, Federal Bureau of Investigation FBI, Internal Revenue Service IRS and the United States Secret Service USSS in the preparation of financial profiles to determine the financial relationship between related parties in major cases. United States v XXXXXXX, et al: coordinated financial re-creation and analysis of 41 convicted defendants, which proved the basis for a number of indictments.
Determined the origin of funds in bank accounts, which were used to finance the purchase of real property, which provided the basis for court orders of attachment.
Reviewed financial and other records seized during search warrants to gather intelligence and recreate the total financial pictures of both corporations and individuals under scrutiny. Analysis of extortionate payments to labor coalitions by the construction industry. Worked in cooperation with the IRS on matters that lead to several high-profile convictions. Actively involved in the preparation of court exhibits illustrating the financial status of subjects.
Forensic Accountant
1999-2007
Calculated forfeiture amounts and drafted civil forfeiture papers for several large corporations, which were convicted of crimes including money laundering and grand larceny.
Provided intelligence to state agencies concerning proposed changes in related legislation that would affect laws relevant to their areas.
Identified Intemational Cartel money laundering activities and participated in other criminal investigations by examining financial records and then tracing funds to illegal activities.
Accountant
Participated in financial net worth analysis of corupt public officials.
1988-1999
Accounting Manager
ADDITIONAL WORK HISTORY
1986-1988
Managed sales reporting and supervised a staff of 16 whose functions included calculation of sales, cash receipts, credit card processing, commission and incentive and statistical analysis. Acted as controller and liaison between the extemal audit staff and the accounting staff. Prepared and analyzed $2 million intemational budget including general ledger accounts, inventories and cost of goods sold.
Accounting Supervisor
1985-1987
Supervised royalties accounting staff, computed and paid commissions to sales agents, invoiced and accrued royalties and prepared journal of entries.
Accountant
1982-1985
Computed and paid investors based on their ownership percentage and the production of oil and gas wells.
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN ACCOUNTING
United University
EDUCATION
COMPUTER SKILLS: Lotus 1-2-3, Corel Quattro Pro and WordPerfect; and Microsoft Access.
Nowhere, Arizona 1960
