
Robert Smith Principal Architect/
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
1234567899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Project Architect for large retail, commercial and institutional projects; business development for major national and international design firms; owner/CEO for a multi-state, multi-million dollar computer consulting/sales firm, Value Added Reseller and trainer for AutoDESK and ARCHIBUS FM products.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Principal Architect/
ABC Corporation - 2010-11 - 2013-08
Responsibilities.
Contributed significant architectural recommendations for new project proposals.
Assisted development teams with architecture and design challenges. Created a framework on top of LegStar APIs to simplify the processing of COBOL copybook data files.
Presented NoSQL and MongoDB at the JSG Java Specialist Group meet. Assisted in migrating Asset Persistency application to Spring and JPA. Created a framework to read and write flat files. ${job_description7}
Principal Architect
ABC Corporation 2006-2010
Responsibilities.
Colombia.
Residential and commercial Design and construction firm in Northwest Colombia.
Outsourcing of construction and management remodeling.
Principal Architect.
Architectural Design and Construction Planning department general manager produced the architectural design, engineering coordination and CCAD construction drawings, quality control documents and construction administration.
Residential, commercial and institutional projects management including bidding process and construction coordination..
This is Dummy Description data, Replace with job description relevant to your current role.
Education
B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering - 1998JNTU University - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh
SKILLS
LANGUAGES
English Native French Professional Spanish Professional
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 Company Name
Reference - 2 Company Name
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
