
MARCY SMITH
Sometown, FL 331015555555555 email@somedomain.com Portfolio URL
Florida Licensed Architect
Dedicated to creating beautiful, functional, memorable, connective, sustainable, and green designs. LEED-AP accredited architectural designer valued as an integral team member within full-service architectural design and engineering firms. Partner with clients and colleagues throughout the design process to draft architectural plans, drawings, and specifications for both commercial and residential projects.
Expertise in Building Information Modeling BIM and 3D visualization techniques. In-depth knowledge of the Florida Building Code as well as national and local codes, regulations, and standards.
Technical Skills
AutoCAD AutoCAD Architecture
Autodesk Revit
V-Ray for Revit
Autodesk 3ds Max SketchUp MS Excel Creative Cloud
Lumion → Rhino Deltek Newforma e-Builder MS Project
Career Progression
ABC Architectural Firm Sometown, FL + Design Architect, 2016 to Present
Collaborate with engineers, consultants, and clients to deliver designs and blueprints for high-quality structures on time, on budget, and in compliance with relevant building codes. Participate in pitch presentations to win multimillion-dollar contracts. Leverage skills in 3D modeling and rendering to craft innovative design solutions for master-planned communities, residential homes, and mixed-use developments.
DEF Home Design Consultants Sometown, FL Junior Intern Architect, 2011 to 2016 Produced design blueprints, renderings, and elevations for new home construction and remodels. Completed architectural internship to fulfill state requirements for licensure, earning top marks on performance reviews YOY. GHI Architectural Firm Sometown, FL Architect Apprentice, 2010 to 2011
Used computer-aided design tools to complete construction plans for commercial and mixed-use projects.
Project Highlights
Served as design architect on high-profile projects including:
✦ 500-acre master-planned community featuring luxury and mid-market homes. Total new home sales ranked in the 50 Top-Selling Master Planned-Communities in the country in 2021.
→ LEED-certified headquarters six green buildings on a 45-acre campus for a Fortune 500 company.
✦ Restoration of a 220-year-old Georgian-style mansion listed on the National Register of Historic Places; project featured in Florida Distinctive Home Magazine, 2021-04.
◆ Three mixed-use developments each 100+ acres comprised of multistory condos, retail shops, welcome centers, restaurants, walking paths, lakes, golf courses, and pools.
Custom home community with 75 homes selling for $550K+ and ranging in size from 2,500 to 5,000+ sq. ft.
Education and Credentials
ABC University Sometown, FL Bachelor of Architecture B. Arch., graduated with honors Student Architecture Design Competition Winner Mixed-Use Development Tau Sigma Delta Honor Society Licensed Architect, State of Florida American Institute of Architects AIA
LEED AP Accredited Professional Certification
