
associate architect
summary
architect with 4+ years of experience in design and project management for residential, commercial, hospitality and healthcare projects. no sponsorship for work is required. education
2013
2010
skills
masters in architecture: architecture
architectural association school of architecture - london uk
bachelors in architecture: architecture
bms college of engineering - bengaluru india
design and visualisation
construction drawings and documentation
.
space planning
.
.
.
liaising with clients
.
reviewing and redlining design work
construction administration
coordination with consultants
.
training in new computer techniques
design criteria for projects
.
contribution for the creative growth of the studio and staff
computer skills: autocad, revit, rhino, grasshopper, sketchup, adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe indesign, microsoft office language skills: fluent in written and spoken english
professional experience
07/2013 to 03/2017
associate architect
space lab architecture - bengaluru, india
spacelab architecture is a mid-sized company specialising in sustainable design of residential, commercial, hospitality and healthcare projects.
supervised and trained a multi-disciplinary team of 3-6 architects and interns to develop designs and presentation drawings according to building standards prepared drawings for approvals from the local government authorities
accomplished construction drawings and co-ordinated with consultants mep, structural and project manager
inspected, documented the work on the site and made revisions to the drawings if necessary.
developed conceptual interior designs and detailed drawings with furniture designs.
. articulated vendors relationships and prepared shop drawings.
managed public relations and administered the finances of the company.
delegated and organised the work schedules in the office.
selected projects
udupi super speciality hospital, india, 450 bedded hospital with trauma care facilities, 2015-2018
. preethi palace hotel, india, boutique hotel with 75 rooms, 2016-2017
residential development in kaiga, india for national power corporation of india, 2016-2017
interior and furniture design for preethi palace hotel, chetty residence, sobha city apartment, caesar palace apartment, 2015-2017 03/2010 to 03/2011
intern
srikar and associates pvt ltd - bengaluru, india
srikar and associates is a mid-sized company specialising in construction management and design of hospitality, healthcare and institutional buildings.
assisted senior architects in preparation of construction drawings and presentation drawings.
selected projects:
salem super-speciality hospital, india, 500 bedded hospital achieving a gold leed rating. hyderabad shopping mall, india.
08/2008 to 07/2009
intern
srikar and associates pvt ltd - chennai, india
prepared architectural models, tender documents and learnt the use of computer applications in design and drafting.
selected projects:
residential apartments, chennai, india
academic institution, dharwad, india
activites
presented research project at institute of architecture vienna, university of innsbruck and eth zurich
organised workshop on parametric design in collaboration with rat lab in bangalore and chennai using rhino and grasshopper as a tool. research cited in architectural digest: parametricism 2.0: rethinking architecture's agenda for the 21st century ad
