 robert smith senior accountant phone 123 456 78 99 email: info@qwikresume.com website: www.qwikresume.com linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume address: 1737 marshville road, alabama summary 17+ years of experience as senior accountant. looking to obtain position which enables me to further enhance my skills in financial management and corporate audit policies and procedures while utilizing my technical knowledge of system functionality, stellar customer service, and interdepartmental collaborative skills in an effort to become significant asset to the university. skills project management financial analysis and reporting proficient in microsoft office excel, word, powerpoint, outlook, and onenote customer service clear communication, strong work ethic to aid in problem solving, strong knowledge of financial auditing, and account management. work experience senior accountant abc corporation - 2005-02 - present preparing annual operating reports aor as appropriate for federal and/or state aid programs, ensuring accuracy and compliance with applicable regulations. assisting in the preparation of the final draft version of the universitys fiscal operations report and application to participate fisap, documenting the universitys usage of title iv funds. maintaining, as appropriate, collections activity reports on the federal perkins loan program and responsible for oversight of related collections activity. analyzing universitys student financial activity in conjunction with the bursar informing university stakeholders on any and all potential audit risks and compliance exposure as it relates to the administration of internal and extemal funds.. maintaining an atmosphere of accuracy, compliance and vigilant stewardship of funds in purview. reviews revise and recommend changes to operational policies and procedures as they relate to accounting, reconciliation, disbursements, and cashier. administrative assistant abc corporation - 2002-11 - 2005-01 handled daily assortment of invoices for all company vendors and employees. " " . audited employee expense reports ensuring compliance with company procedures and guidelines. coordinated travel arrangements and prepared expense reports for employees in sales/finance department. greeted and directed appointments, vendors and office visitors. composed, prepared, edited, and distributed correspondence and other department documents. maintained conference rooms calendar for 12 health centers. data entry of mifs multi purpose information forms. education bachelor of science in psychology walden universityassociate of applied science in law enforcement baltimore city community collegediploma- 2007-06 baltimore city juvenile justice center © this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
