
Golibe Chikelu
Art Teacher
NYU Steinhardt Art + Education program graduate with 3+ years art teaching experience in NYC public schools. Awarded "Teacher of the Year" for 2018 at P.S. 122. Seeking to leverage 500+ teaching hours and 99% pass rate to become the next art teacher at P.S. 166.
Experience
2016-01-
2019-03
2015-01-
2016-05
Elementary Art Teacher
P.S. 122 Mamie Fay, Astoria, NY
Key Qualifications and Responsibilities
Engaged students in the creative process, cultivating their talents while deepening their knowledge and understanding of art, design, and art history.
Designed school and community art installations that promoted creative collaboration and made school environment more personalized.
Managed student behavior and classroom routines to maximize learning time and create a positive classroom environment.
Built a world-class art program while cultivating school environment which prioritizes aesthetics.
Key Achievements
Given the 2018 "Teacher of the Year" award.
Art History Tutor
Borough-Wide, Queens, NY
Key Qualifications and Responsibilities
Planned, organized, and implemented appropriate programs and lesson plans to enhance skill development and art history knowledge of teenage and preteen clients.
Wrote, implemented and adapted curriculum and training methods which met students' interests.
Specialized in all areas of art history, from ancient art through to contemporary art, with a focus on realism, monumental sculpture, and Renaissance art.
Education
MA in Art, Education, and Community Practice NYU Steinhardt, New York, NY
Relevant Coursework: Contemporary Artistic Practice, Educational Theory, Social Activism, Critical Pedagogy, Artists, and the Public Sphere, Artistic Activism as Radical Research, Race, Education, and the Politics of Visual
Representation, Issues in Art Politics.
BS in Elementary Education
New York University, New York, NY
Concentration: Curriculum and Instruction
Relevant Coursework: Art Education in Alternative Settings, Colloquium in Art Education, Critical Theory in Art, Teaching Art in a Digital Age: Visual Culture and Media Literacy.
Certificates
Teaching Art - Professional Certification
Q Personal Info
Phone
9295551234
E-mail
golibe.chikelu@gmail.com
LinkedIn
linkedin.com/in/golibechikelu
Skills
Art History and Critique
Harlem Renaissance
American Scene Painting
Impressionism
Minimalism Art
NeoClassicism
Geometric Abstraction
Languages
Igbo
Native Proficiency
