
First Name Last Name
Specialties:
Corporate/Brand
Identity Development and Management
Marketing Promotions Visual Design
Art and Layout Direction Content Mapping
Offset and Screen Printing
Print, Digital, Web-Site, and Commercial Production
Vehicle Advertising Direct Mail Promotional Activity
Trade Shows Traditional and Computer- Generated Photographic Imaging
Photo Laboratory Operations
Press Approvals and Brand Colour Maintenance
Address City Zip Phone Email
LinkedIn Profile: Web Link
Sample Job Targets:
ASSOCIATE CREATIVE DIRECTOR DIRECTOR OF MARKETING SENIOR ART DIRECTOR PACKAGE DESIGN MANAGER DIRECTOR - MARKETING STRATEGY
Recognized by Magazine Name as the brainchild behind Canada's best marketing idea ever
Energetic and creative visionary offering demonstrated expertise in translating all aspects of brand and production into final product. Successful in consistently generating creative marketing ideas, operating within budgets, adhering to PandL accountability, and delivering 7- figure profit gains. Inspirational leader who effectively manages sizeable teams up to 300 whole fostering a creative entrepreneurial environment that maximizes the strengths of a company's human and financial resources. Excellent management skills that include the coordination and supervision of daily operations, personnel, budgeting, control systems, and workload management. Talented in cultivating strategic alliances and partnerships with external suppliers to identify and develop profitable business ventures.
Catalyst in securing such "name" clients as Company Names; played a pivotal role in totally transforming Company Name marketing efforts in vaulting a local automotive dealership's revenues to second-highest in town. Easily build rapport and gain consensus amongst designers, senior management, and suppliers to communicate vision and design with ease and passion. Possess in-depth knowledge of legal requirements and copy for promotional launches to ensure compliance with Criminal Codes, the Competition Act, and the Better Business Bureau.
Known for talent in applying a wide range of styles and approaches to meet diverse clients' needs. Accustomed to working on multiple projects with short notice, little or no instruction, and total creative judgment for quality and details of finished product. Comfortable using PhotoShop, Illustrator, Gerber Software, Word, and Excel.
Company Name, City ... Date Title
CAREER SYNOPSIS
Based on robust business acumen, originally selected from a group of highly-competitive candidates for the role of Graphic Designer; from Day One, revamped this position with the goal of penetrating and landing business from the designer spec. world. Managed up to 10 creative projects and tasks spanning all of Canada and the U.S. Led, motivated, and energized 10+ external designers.
Created visual brands associated with Company Names - all within time-critical deadlines while capturing each individual company's essence
Dramatically slashed legal costs over 95% by personally processing the U.S. and Canadian legal work for all brands and securing Registered Trade Marks for all of these brands Averted the prospect of Company experiencing litigation valued at more than $2 million by educating senior management on legal promotional protocol
First Name Last Name Phone email
