
Robert Smith Store Graphic Artist
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
1234567899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
More than 20 years experience in apparel sportswear design for printing and production. Also, Reviewing illustrative material, promoting, and negotiating. Over years experience in management with human resource responsible, such as hiring, firing, and scheduling. Strong background in all phases of creative designing, production, and problem solving.. Trained in areas of branding, strong creative coceptual promoting, designing and advertising.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Store Graphic Artist
ABC Corporation - 2008-07 2011-05
Responsibilities:
Prepared Illustrations and rough sketches of material, discussing them with clients and supervisors and making necessary changes.
Marked up, pasted, and assembled final layouts to prepare layouts for printer.
Used computer software to generate new images, and separations for production.
Determined size and arrangement of illustrative material and copy, and selected style and size of type..
Created designs, concepts, and sample layouts based on knowledge of layout principles and aesthetic design concepts.
Keyed information into computer equipment to create layouts for client and supervisor.
Reviewed final layouts and suggested improvements as needed.
Graphic Artist
ABC Corporation. 2005-2008
Responsibilities:
Secondary Positions Billing, Shipping, Quoting, and Assistant Press Production August 20 2012 - November 2013 Duties Process or create new artwork from customers submitted order.
Submit proof for customers approval.
Maintain all pre-press production equipment.
Create invoices for customers order.
Assist or complete all shipping orders.
Some experience quoting customers order requests.
Laid off due to the decrease of business.
Education
Associate of Arts in Visual Arts - Art Institute of Atlanta
SKILLS
Customer satisfaction, Email handling, Call handling..
LANGUAGES
English Native French Professional Spanish Professional
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking
Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 Company
Name
Reference 2 Company
Name
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
