
stacey macdonald
bfa, simon fraser university.
vancouver, canada
stacey.macdonald@sfu.ca
7789276739
choreographic/interdisciplinary experience
i wish. the rain - choreographed and performed by chelsea goddard 2017-02 studio d goldcorp centre for the arts, vancouver, can.
dance-theatre piece built using original poetry. text-based gestural solo work focusing on themes of miscommunication and the frustration one feels in being unable to communicate something important. created for sfu sca's student choreography showcase momentum
suspend opposite disparities- choreographed and co-produced by chelsea goddard, clara chow, and megan morrison 2016-04
studio d goldcorp centre for the arts, vancouver, can.
self-directed study of both set and improvisational movement/music. experience in co-producing and advertising for choreography showcase. collaboration with musicians and composer chris blaber longing in b flat - choreographed by chelsea goddard and james- amzin nahirnick
2016-02
studio d goldcorp centre for the arts, vancouver, can.
co-created humour-based duet centering on themes of love, longing, trumpet-playing, and playfulness. created for student choreography showcase moveable 15. also performed at the shadbolt centre for the arts 2016-03.
interaction choreographed by chelsea goddard 2016-12
studio d goldcorp centre for the arts, vancouver, can.
self-directed study of physical relationships within human interaction. work with theatrical and movement-based abstraction. interdisciplinary work with composer chris blaber. collaboration with dancers to find meaning in movement outside of class. showcased in sfu's ascension.
production/rehearsal assisting
femme fatales - meredith kalaman dance 2017-05
shadbolt centre for the arts, burnaby, can
participated in feedback sessions, and production edits of the show. executed lighting operation, social media promotion, and event organization.
how to be - tara cheyenne performance 2017-04
the cultch, vancouver, can
aided tara cheyenne in the process of creating how to be through improvisation, and thoughtful
discussion. understudied for movement in how to be. recorded and communicated sound cues to technical director for how to be.
empty.swimming.pool – tara cheyenne performance and silvia gribaudi 2017-02,
the dance centre, vancouver, can
conceptualized and created costume props for empty.swimming.pool. aided in rehearsal process as an outside eye and sound tech. participated in conversations leading to conceptualizations in the work i can't remember the word for i can't remember - tara cheyenne performance 2017-01, informal presentation dance victoria, victoria, can
ran sound for presentation of i can't remember the word for i can't remember at dance days in victoria. rehearsal assisted at norman rothstein theatre in preparation for the presentation of the solo. worked on updating jokes about technology.
ascension 2016 - artistic directed by chelsea goddard and eowynn huguet
studio d goldcorp centre for the arts, vancouver, can
facilitated musician/dancer relations for the collaborative showcase. organized prof/student mentorship. also organized feedback sessions for choreographers. designed ascension performance program.
