
cynthia hoffman
lighting design/stage manager
8176583589
cynthia.cmd.hoffman@gmail.com www.behance.net/cynthiahoffman
lighting experience: the wit
round and round the garden
the lion in winter
student dance concert 2010
christmas gala 2011
lighting designer
lighting designer
lighting designer
associate lighting designer
master electrician
night! a busch gardens encore master electrician
company!
dance company 2009
texas!
the merry widow
master electrician
asst master electrician
aust. ld/master electrician
stage management experience:
found and found the corden south pacific
romeo and juliet
lady of the bracelet 2009 christmas gala 2010
related experience:
last of the red hot lovers
the importance of being earnest
the merry widow
the wie
the threepenny opera
the threepenny oper
the night larry krom
education:
stage manager
stage manager
stage manager
asst. stage manager deck crew chief
properties master
asst master charge
scenic artist scenic artist
scenic artist
lead hair/make-up
costume designer
barry stoneking, director, courtney murphy, director, nsu wm. perry morgan-hall, director, nsu barry stoneking, director of dance, nsu paul pharris, lighting design, nsu
ken bington, lighting design, busch garden va robert e. graham, lighting design, nsu robert graham, lighting design, nsu blaine bertrand, technology consultant, tp robert e. graham lighting design nsu
courtney murphy, director, nsu wm. perry morgan-hall, director, nsu jennifer ryen, director, tph robert e. graham, stage manager, nsu robert e. graham, technical director, nsu
alan d. ernstein, technical director, s phillip kidd, master charge, nsu
alan d. ernstein, scenic design, ns kristin viola, scenic design, nsu
kristin viela, associate scenic design, nsu tricum, hair/make-up design, nsu fish tank theatre, natchitoches, la
northwestern state university of louisiana
bachelor of science in theatre-design tech concentration fall 2011-graduated cum laude gpa: 3.603
special skills:
ability to hand draft knowledge of etc expression, express, and congo jr. basic skills in scenic painting. carpentry, sewing, and mig welding. trained to operate aerial lifts valid driver's license read music intermediate skills in piano and percussion
references:
act professor of the
entertainment and information technology consultant
we ferry marg-ha asst. professor of
northern state university of luisiana texas panhandle heritage foundation performing arts
318.357.5742
06.236.2200
336272.7510
