
luke tyson
city, state 0000000000 email@email.com
teaching artist
summary
a dynamic and experienced teaching artist active in the local community lending thyself to nonprofits that help spread the arts. exhibit a comprehensive understanding of art history both past and present give the artist's work context. plan all studio coursework to adhere to clear guidelines, technical support and classroom critiques.
expose students to different approaches, new materials and ways of expressing themselves, giving them the tools and critical discourse needed to create their own definition of art. yearn the students to leave the class excited about what they are learning, and eager to push the boundaries of what they thought they were capable of, in the next class, and beyond.
2014-10 - present
2012-06-2016-09
2006-08-2012-05
teaching artist
napa valley college
work experience
providing art education in several california counties giving people with disabilities the tools and inspiration to create artwork with no limitations.
employing art as an element of therapy, development, and expression.
training in technical methods of application, design and color theory that can help understand art at a basic to intermediate level.
preparing students to do art performances, and group jam sessions which include instrument education, art theory and technology-based drawing programs incorporated into lessons.
teaching artist
harvestworks
led a weekly arts mentoring program for the under-served youth.
supervised a team of volunteer mentors, and led them through in delivering weekly arts- based mentoring sessions.
prepared for weekly mentor session by reviewing curriculum and adapting lessons to fit the group's skill level, needs, and interests.
led, explained, and demonstrated art activities, and created opportunities for volunteer mentors to be active participants/learners and led group activities.
tracked attendance, completed weekly evaluation surveys, and individual youth progress surveys.
led classroom management and took primary responsibility for handling challenging behaviors.
supported the harvestworks day program with setting up, facilitation, and clean up for the harvestworks days, "pop-up" arts festivals sponsored by a corporation, group, or individual. led inquiry-based discussion with kids and adult volunteers about featured artist's work.
k-12 art teacher
christian brothers academy
balanced digital and traditional mediums and techniques as a k-12 art teacher.
led a 7th grade tutorial period and led a graphic design class that oversees the production of the school yearbook.
worked closely with primary classroom teachers to create lessons that had context and application into student's classroom learning.
served as a mentor to upper school students leading the classes in illustration, animation, photography, film, graphic design, 2d, art history and drawing.
worked to implement emerging trends in new media and technology in all the lesson plans.
