
jaclyn altfillisch illustration/design
education
2011-2014
milwaukee institute of art and design bachelor of fine arts, illustration
2009-2010
lincoln land community college associate of arts
proficiencies
.
adobe illustrator
adobe photoshop
.
adobe indesign
traditional media microsoft office
balloon animals
project research
references
please e-mail me for the personal contact information for each of my references. thank you.
rebecca balistreri
director of college advising - miad milwaukee, wi
professional reference
fran balistreri
illustrator/graphic designer milwaukee, wi
professional / instructor reference
cara earle
office manager - neurological associates american fork, ut
personal/professional reference
contact mel 801.472.6995
/jaclyn@jaltillisch.com
experience
visual resources design group milwaukee, wi
2012-08-2013-05
visual resources design intern
visual resources is the milwaukee institute of art and design's only in-house design team and pre-professional office. under direction of an art director, i worked with real clients on a range of print based projects under strict and tight deadlines.
freelance
milwaukee, wi
2013-01-current
illustrator / graphic designer
as a freelance artist, i meet client needs through creative problem solving. projects from my freelance work have included, but aren't limited to, exhibit design, advertising posters, multi-fold brochure, business print collateral and art prints.
milwaukee institute of art and design milwaukee, wi
2012-07-2014-05
student help desk student manager aside from comleteing various assigned office tasks and overseeing/scheduling a small staff of 4-5, i have also helped organize and plan a few events. i have designed several posters for in-house advertising of student events as well.
milwaukee institute of art and design milwaukee, wi
2013-01 2014-05
assistant to the director of college advising being of use in any way possible, from
designing new forms for use throughout the business office to help plan school wide
events/advising meetings and maintain various information tracking.
www.jaltfillisch.com / treelance client project list available
