
scottrovin
24627 senda salvia calabasas, ca 91302 t: 818.223.9592 c: 818.486.5373 e: srovin@sbcglobal.net
personal summary
a seasoned creative director, art director, and graphic designer with over 15 years experience in many facets of design, and the overall creative process. my strengths are, but not limited to, brand and identity, editorial design, and event/product marketing collateral. i posses a combination of conceptual strength and technical proficiency. i have established myself as a self-starter and team leader that actively helps and refines all processes necessary to achieve and maintain goals.
professional experience
1105 media formerly 101communications
2007 present, creative director
2005-2007, art director
chatsworth, ca
▸ lead an art team on all creative projects related to education technology products. this includes editorial design, and related marketing campaigns, collateral, and custom media.
▸ develop concepts and style guides for company produced conferences and online events webinars, summits, virtual conferences. direct art team in producing associated promotional and collateral materials, event web sites, ebrochures, and venue signage.
▸ select and commission all illustrators, photographers, and stock art for in-house produced publications.
▸ manage schedule and art budget on all internally produced projects for the business unit.
▸ collaborate with web design and development team to maintain brand consistency on all publication web sites and marketing campaigns.
▸ established strong relationships with publishers, editors, sales reps, and production coordinators, which allowed me to gain their trust when issues need to be resolved.
101 communications
2003-2005, senior graphic designer
1999-2003, graphic designer
▸ responsible for the layout, design, and pre-press production of eight publications, at various times.
▸ selected by management to assist in the conversion and launch of digital versions of publications.
▸ assigned responsibility of overseeing monthly art budgets.
2005 current
creative director/founder, sr:dzn
chatsworth, ca
▸ provide creative vision, art direction, and design for various small businesses, with an emphasis on identity, web site banner design, and marketing collateral.
1998-1999
graphic artist/production artist freelance, applause inc.
▸ generated mechanical art for the manufacturing of toys, gifts, and packaging.
▸ created multimedia presentations for the sales staff, focusing on various licensed brands. 1994-1997
creative services coordinator, adlink
calabasas, ca
woodland hills, ca
los angeles, ca
▸ produced custom materials, including p.o.p. posters, event invitations, promotional one-sheets, and display boards. ▸ designed and assembled custom sales support packages.
▸ coordinated the production of cable broadcast promotional and tagged spots, including hiring voice-over talent, selecting music beds, scheduling, and managing production budget.
