
robert smith
junior accountant, intern
contact details
1737 marshville road, alabama
1234567899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
personal statement
junior accountant intern with years of experience is seeking challenging position that will enable growth while utilizing my existing skills in accounting, commercial collections, customer service, data management and related areas.
work experience
junior accountant, intern
vision group holdings - 2015-09 - present
responsibilities:
reviewing operation room logs and entering correct inventory into order in microsoft great plains.
confirming all patients on logs received services and all patients who received services are present on logs.
investigating and resolving any discrepancies with operation room logs or revenue received from services.
posting revenues by verifying and entering transactions from surgical
center deposits.
posting customer payments by recording cash, checks, and credit card transactions.
reviewing and determining if patients accounts require debit or credit memos. then entering the memos accordingly.
reviewing the refund requests, determining if the refund is required and all proper documentation is submitted.
account reconciliation specialist/ account opening, closing and maintenance specialist
genspring family offices - 2015-04 - 2015-09
responsibilities:
reviewed and reconciled the assigned accounts daily using information stored in advent axys, via three specific processes.
assisted in the development of check and balances procedure to ensure partnership valuations are recorded timely and accurately.
resolved client specific inquiries and provided informational backup or support to lfo client service teams.
responsible for meeting month-end closing for all client files in advent in order to produce timed statements.
inputted and reviewed all transactions to ensure accuracy and clarity of coding for the client.
reviewed all information for account closing process, to ensure proper documentation and information was presented.
this is dummy description data, replace with job description relevant to your current role. in case if you dont need it you can delete it.
skills
microsoft excel, great plains, crystal rep, opera, microsoft office, banking, accounts receivable, account reconciliation, accounts
payable, human resources, fin, eysite, collections, supervisor, manager
languages
english native french professional spanish professional
interests
climbing snowboarding cooking reading
references
reference company name
reference company
name
-
© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
