
sample art teacher resume
154 north foundation hall, rochester, mi 483092483703250, teacher@oakland.edu
philosophy i will strive to create a fun and inventive, educational atmosphere where children are engaged in learning and see art as a creative expression. i believe it is important to encourage students to be independent and express their unique individualism. gaining an appreciation of artwork and understanding the historical significance of it will help students make connections in their academic courses.
education
oakland university, rochester michigan
bachelor of art, art history, certified 2012-06 endorsement: k-12 art education
2013-05 gpa 3.65
dean's list oakland university, summer 2011
received academic honors, winter 2012
meemic insurance company scholarship for teacher education
student leader success scholarship
teaching
stoney creek high school, rochester, mi
experience student teaching internship
jan feb. 2013
included the use of powerpoint, book references, and hands-on demonstration to verify attention to all learning styles.
integrated art based technologies into the lessons
supervised the creation of the school's first wall mural by the after school art club
helped get artwork matted and hung for the district art show.
assisted students with portfolios and artwork for the scholastics weekend show
painted props for a large art display at the school's main entrance
employed by the district as the assistant freshman basketball coach
meadow brook elementary school, rochester, mi
student teaching internship
modeled lessons in drawing, painting, collage, and clay
mar.-apr. 2013
participated in march is reading month by making a scene in the front lobby to go with the theme of "cars"
wrote a grant for a kiln to be used with the upper elementary students prepared a behavior modification chart for two difficult classes
prepared props for the spring music concert entitled "clowns"
bethune elementary, pontiac, mi
ymca summer camp field placement
july - aug. 2012
taught art to children of all ages and multicultural backgrounds worked closely with deaf children during daily activities and field trips
hiller elementary, madison heights, mi elementary field placement.
developed a creative lesson about still life using every-day examples monitored and aided in evaluating k-5 students in art education
pontiac academy for excellence, pontiac, mi
k-8 field placement
jan. - apr. 2012
sept. - dec. 2011
developed and implemented lessons using mixing of complementary colors to create a darker hue of paint to apply to color wheel projects
supervised a group of students on a field trip to detroit institute of arts and the detroit children's museum
