
stanley sharp main street, new cityland, ca 91010 c: 5553227337 example-email@example.com
summary
skilled retail parts pro with expertise in developing and leading successful sales teams. equipped with solid track record of success in customer-facing automotive roles. organized and proficient manager able to analyze and resolve problems, implement process improvements, and motivate high-performing associates. currently pursuing fleet safety certification.
revenue generation
team leadership
staff development
process improvements
motivational
highlights
clean driving record
sales coaching
project management
highly trained
service-minded
experience
retail parts pro
superior automotive parts
05/2010 to current
new cityland, ca
develop and implement process changes aimed at increasing store revenue, reducing customer service issues, and improving individual and team performance.
lead team meetings to disseminate latest store, parts, and sales information. handle customer service issues quickly and maintain high satisfaction levels.
utilize microsoft office software to track trends and draft reports.
recruit and develop new parts professionals.
diagnose customer vehicle issues and recommend appropriate parts.
retail parts pro
quality automotive supply
assisted customers with parts and diagnostic problems by asking probing questions.
03/2006 to 04/2010
new cityland, ca
searched electronic parts catalog for correct parts and placed special orders for out of stock items. trained and mentored new parts professionals on diagnostics, stocking, and sales techniques.
completed inventory counts on schedule.
accepted and processed payments for completed purchases.
effectively managed store inventory and kept optimal supply levels.
retail parts pro
o'neil auto parts
stocked shelves with latest merchandise and tagged correctly.
maintained front desk area in clean and neat fashion.
swept and mopped sales floor and removed debris.
helped customers locate desired merchandise.
answered vehicle questions and recommended products.
unloaded delivery trucks and stored merchandise in correct locations.
08/2003 to 02/2006
new cityland, ca
