
JOHN SMITH
22 Street Rd., City, State, 000002222222222/email@address.com
AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY FINANCE PROFESSIONAL
Highly motivated finance professional with more than 18 years experience measuring performance and leading financial and costs-savings initiatives within the automotive industry.
Extensive interdisciplinary background includes analysis and forecasting, auditing, investigation, internal control evaluation, as well as policy and procedure adherence, providing an experienced whole-picture perspective of automotive manufacturing businesses.
Strengths lie in exceptional leadership, interpersonal and communication skills, with a recognized track record of success in supervising and motivating staff to consistently attain business targets.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
In-Depth Financial Analysis Results and Performance Measuring
Report Writing and Presentation
Program Development Implementation
Strong Decision-Making Skills
Leadership and Motivation
Problem-Solving and Solution Creation Self-Motivated High Performance Coordination and Management
and
Detail- and Accuracy-Oriented
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
GENERAL MOTORS OF CANADA LTD, Oshawa, ON
1990-2009
Senior Field Manager, Corporate Compliance Dealer Audit Staff 2004-2009 Responsible for managing all administrative financial aspects of department. Instrumental in the development and revisions to policy and corporate guidelines regarding exportation of vehicles and marketing programs and incentives. Conducted special investigations, participated in appeal and mediator hearings and collaborated regularly with sales and marketing executive leadership.
Improved franchised dealerships by implementing "best practices" methodology after reviewing internal operations and external business reporting to ensure accuracy, efficiency and corporate compliance.
Recovered in excess of $5M by conducting weekly multi-million dollar dealer audits to ensure compliance to corporate sales and service agreement.
Reduced the necessity of field audits by leading the development/maintenance of a corporate-wide common web-based auditing program LA.R.- Incentive Analysis Review
Senior Financial Analyst, Employment Cost Analysis 2002-2004
Provided financial administration of employee health care, group insurance and pension plans. Liaised with Group Carriers, Corporate Legal Staff, Investment Trustees, Actuaries, External Benefits Administrator, Divisional Personnel and Financial executive leadership.
Improved efficiencies by assisting in the outsourcing health care, group insurance and pension administration transactions and disbursements.
. Identified and successfully achieved $400,000 in cost by reviewing contracted rates in depth.
Avoided potential litigation issues and improved records by working closely with legal staff and divisional personnel to clean up historical pension matters.
Analyzed, identified and reduced costs by streamlining communications with employees and pensioners.
