
elvin j. candidate
phone: 8667888978 email: support@cpresumes.com
address: 125 somewhere circle, dayton, oh 43040
summary of qualifications
experienced and highly accomplished automotive sales and finance manager, leveraging in-depth knowledge of the marketplace and the competitor landscape to significantly increase revenue and streamline dealership efficiency. solid organizational, communication, and team building skills. adept at facilitating various products, determining customer credit eligibility, and working with lenders to attain loan approvals based on verified criteria. expertise in sales, finance, general marketing, management, staff training, and dealer services. currently seeking a position in fandi or sales management, bringing 10+ years of professional sales leadership experience and key strengths as follows:
sales and lease management bank/lender relations customer satisfaction csi
sales/management training account development program development
fandi product knowledge internet marketing and sales team leadership/building forecasting/budgeting
desking/closing deals ♦ staff training/supervision
core competencies and contributions
performance improvement business/revenue growth strategic planning
vendor relations
♦ networking/prospecting ♦ product knowledge
successfully maintained $1,500 per copy at 62% vsc penetration on eligible deals while maintaining 145% product penetration overall as finance manager for dayton kia.
recognized as #1 finance manager for dayton honda in contract penetration throughout the columbus market.
✓ earned a reputation for customer service excellence with 18 service commendations in years while working with verizon wireless as district manager.
✓ experienced in creating process improvement initiatives for the finance department while training and developing staff to achieve best roi and product sales quotas.
✔ adept at directing sales operations while training and developing the finance team, as well as the sales team to facilitate various finance and insurance products.
✓ built and maintained solid working relationships with lending institutions/banks regarding customer loan approvals and new products that were introduced into the market.
✓ skilled in handling and resolving escalated customer issues related to sales and finance contracts while consistently ensuring/maintaining positive csi customer satisfaction index ratings for the dealership. ✓ ability to memorize inventory and price strategically by monitoring the age and price adjustments of inventory according to market trends and profit margins.
successfully achieved the lowest customer escalations among reps by resolving issues at first point of contact from 2005 to 2008.
✓ upsell with a menu presentation with a consistent 125% aftermarket product penetration rate.
professional profile
dayton kia. finance manager
dealer services account executive/fandi trainer
david caldwell auto group finance director
dayton honda. finance manager
twin cities hyundai finance manager
smith nissan. corporate trainer/customer service rep
verizon wireless district manager
ohio national guard engineer corps electrician
education and development
2020-05 - present mar. 2017 - apr. 2020
2015-2017
2014-2015
2012-2014
2010-2012
2005-2008
2001-2005
delaware hayes high school, college prep and vocational electronics, trained as electronics technician
