
ROBERT SMITH Accountant III
Phone: 0123-456-789 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY
Detail-oriented, efficient and organized Accountant III with extensive experience of 19 years in the accounting system. Possess strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to make well thought out decisions. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Highly trustworthy, discreet and ethical. Resourceful in the completion of projects, effective at multi-tasking. To obtain a challenging position in the Accounts Payable or Accounts Receivable departments to support controller and the Accounting Team in accomplishing company objectives.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Office Excel And Word, Troubleshooting, Taking Initiative And Problem Solving, Highly Organized, Punctual, Responsible And Reliable, Focused, Detailed And Team-work Oriented
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Accountant III
ABC Corporation - 2009-02 - 2014-05
Key Deliverables:
Assisted controller with month end reconciliation by preparing journal entries, AP month end accrual, reversing entries, and re-classing entries.
Performed account research and created ad-hoc reports to assist the controller with financial analysis.
Analyzed AP aging tums ratio and performed a weekly review of ap aging with controller for cash flow projection purposes.
Strategic planning with controller for ap check disbursements based on vendor terms and ap turns ratio to maximize cash flow.
Ensured that AP is migrating towards best industry practices that will generate higher efficiency, enhance reporting and improve tracking capabilities.
Collaborated with internal and external auditors in developing, maintaining, and enforcing SOX narratives to ensure proper controls are followed for quarterly and annual audits and reviews.
Prepared the weekly operational report which served as a benchmark for the Vice President of operations and other management groups to review strategic organizational objectives.
Accountant
ABC Corporation - 1995-01 - 2009-01
Key Deliverables:
Performed monthly consolidation of financial statements and month-end closings for assigned business units ensuring accurate collection and reporting of data.
Performed analysis on a monthly basis of balance sheet accounts assigned and reports findings to management.
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwik resume.com. Usage Guidelines
