
clifford barnhouse
senior accountant
cpa-certified senior accountant with years of experience in financial analysis and consultancy. coordinated end of the month closing procedures under accordance with gaap. at smartfinance co. implemented quality assurance procedures for accounts payable that resulted in saving $10.000 in year. looking to bring my general accounting expertize and experience in managing complex asset accounts to the financial department of profinace.
experience
2017-07-
2019-01
2014-01-
2016-06
senior accountant
smartfinance co., garden city, ny
key qualifications and responsibilities
coordinated the full month end procedure, including preparation of balance sheets, income statements, and trial balance statements.
performed sox audit for compliance with legal regulations.
prepared reconciliations for monthly closings.
ensured accuracy of revenue and expense accounts.
provided weekly quality checks of documents.
managed and supported two junior accountants and provided them with accounting advice.
key achievements
implemented new check procedures for accounts payable that resulted in $10.000 expense savings in year.
accountant and finance advisor
blue solutions, garden city, ny
key qualifications and responsibilities
prepared general ledger and journal entries analysis.
supervised junior accountants and monitored their work daily.
assisted junior accountants in preparing month end reports and monthly bank reconciliations.
filed sec reports and forms.
analyzed the company's expenditure and benefits.
cooperated with internal and external auditors.
key achievements
created an easily navigable company database with 400+ past and ongoing projects.
education
qpersonal info
phone
5648752996
e-mail
clifford.bhouse@email.us
linkedin
linkedin.com/in/cliffordbarnhouse
skills
familiarity with gaap
general ledger, profit and loss
mathematics
quickbooks
oracle
critical thinking
organization
time management
leadership
2013
ma, accounting, university of buffalo, buffalo, ny
communication
2009
ba, business administration and finance, university of buffalo, buffalo, ny
certificates
certified public accountant cpa
certified payroll professional cpp
