
sample accountant resume
lovetoknow
advice you can trus
logo will not print with document
leslie m. elizondo
194 powter ln. tetrias, tx 55555
qualifications
experience
ime22@localisp.com
home: 5557839967 cell: 5557725405
precise controller, accounting manager and cpa with extensive expertise in all aspects of accounting and financial management. team-oriented approach to departmental forecasting, workflow/transaction management, cost effectiveness and variance resolution. comprehensive experience with corporate restructuring and analysis to improve processes and profit opportunities.
areas of expertise include:
staff management
budget preparation and execution
trend, variance and cost/financial analysis
reporting and documentation
gaap
cash management
taxation
project and inventory management
general accounting
micromitron systems, tetrias, tx
2000-04 - present
primary authority for the company's financial management, budget planning/ execution, taxation, monthly bookkeeping/payroll and annual reporting. develop forecasting recommendations based on total financial picture and goals; strategize with ceo on cost-saving measures, inventory control and financial alliances.
manager of four-member team and $23.5m operating budget.
saved company $200k over three years with change in accounting methodology
introduced new invoicing and reconciliation system that reduced month-end turnaround time from five days to three
authorized to process wire transfers for more than $2m
established key ratio system resulting in 25 percent production efficiency
valu-center distribution, tetrias, tx
1992-08 2000-04
directed all financial aspects of this company, from original inception through acquisitions of more than $12m. day-to-day controls, including payroll, taxes and audits; analyzed business and cost trends; conducted research on spending versus return, tax compliance and accounting alternatives. supervisor of five-member team.
improved inventory and financial ledger agreements by 60 percent with customized software and redesigned processes
reduced customer collections from 30 to 15 days
organized sales force expenses and reconciliation with full- company credit card system
