
Robert Smith Professional Accountant
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
1234567899
info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Verifying work of and provide guidance to less experienced levels of accountants. Provide functional advice or training to less-experienced accountant positions, Ensuring compliance with corporate policies, carrier agreements, SOX procedures, SSAE16 procedures tax regulations, local GAAP and US GAAP, and local statutory regulations as applicable regarding financial matters.
SKILLS
Microsoft Office, SQL.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Professional Accountant
ABC Corporation - 2008-2008
Responsibilities:
Consolidated and presented balance-sheet results/analysis to Controller.
Performed monthly-trend analysis of expense accounts and presented to upper Management.
Maintained and monitored prepaid accounts.
Reconciled balance-sheet accounts.
Reviewed income-statement accounts for material changes on a daily basis.
Processed general-ledger entries/adjustments.
Processed direct charges between affiliates.
Professional Accountant
Delta Corporation - 2006-2007
Responsibilities:
Business partner with Marketing Lead to provide financial results and customer profitability for existing and new customer across various global.
Analyze data to detect fraud, deficiencies, and non-compliance with laws and regulations Prepare detail reports on audit findings Inspect clients.
Prepared timely and accurate tax filings and payments for over 600 jurisdictions totaling 350 million annually o Performed monthly liability. Teacher of Accounting Principles I andamp; II, Business Maths and
Business Arithmetic in many Colleges and Professional Schools of Port- au-Prince,
Served the Retail, Service, Non Profit and Construction Sectors San Juan Navigation was initially a client.
Served 5 Attorneys and 2 Property Manager/Owners.
QuickBooks Pro Advisor - installation, set up and consulting clients in retail, medical, software and other professional services fields.
Education
BS In Accounting
LANGUAGES
English Native French Professional Spanish Professional
INTERESTS
Climbing Snowboarding Cooking Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 Company Name
Reference - 2 Company Name
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
