
Accountant
ROBERT SMITH
Phone: 123 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com
Linkedin:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama.
Objective
Versatile Accounting and Finance professional with more than years of progressively responsible experience in fast-paced environments. Expertise in profit and loss management and skilled in all basic accounting functions for organizations including payroll, general ledger, and financial analysis. Experience with cash-flow structuring and management and financial and strategic planning. Established reputation for precision and steadiness, while increasing efficiency and identifying areas of improvement.
Skills
ET Quick Books Pro, Microsoft Office - Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Microsoft Outlook.
Work Experience
Accountant
ABC Corporation - 2013-02 - Present
Responsible for accounts payable and accounts receivable, data entry, generating checks, and customer/supplier communication using Quickbooks pro.
.
Processing weekly payroll, verifying time cards, generating excel summary spreadsheet and entering data into paychecks.
Preparing and verifying daily reports, income/sales, journal entries, deposits of ticket sales receipts.
Reconciling bank account, compile monthly reports, maintaining returned check account, and assisting in preparing a monthly balance sheet and income statement.
Offering recommendations to management regarding changes in financial transactions as well as cash flow.
Working on maintaining and tallying accounting ledgers in coordination with accounting departments.
Responsible for managing cash flow with forecasting and budgeting methods and keeping track of account receivables.
Accounting Assistant
ABC Corporation - 2008-05 - 2010-07
.
Prepared and processed purchase orders, invoices, check requests, manual checks and contract payments.
Reviewed and approved purchasing and accounts payable transactions for posting. Responsible for managing year-end cut off processes for accounts payable and receivable. Maintained A/P, prepared journal entries, bank reconciliations and pandamp;l statements accountable for creating, updating and maintaining purchase orders.
Responsible for coordinating with customers, vendors andamp; sales representatives for merchandise inquiries recorded transactions by debiting and crediting financial accounts using QuickBooks,
Assisted supervisor in preparing internal reports using MS-Excel and MS Powerpoint
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
