
areas of expertise
maximising cash flow
debt management
monitoring budgets
people management
credit control
balance sheet reconciliations
account queries
advanced excel skills
professional fluent in german, franch and spanish
personal skills
ambitious
likeable
hardworking
positive attitude
contact
maxine curry dayjob lad the big peg birmingham
b18 6nf
t: 01216380026 m: 01216380026
e: info@dayjob.com driving license: yes nationality: british
maxine curry accountant
personal summary
a fully qualified accountant who has a number of years experience in the fields of financial management reporting, taxation and cash flow. maxine has the ability and willingness to take on financial leadership and is certain to be a key member of any financial team that she joins. she is ambitious by nature and keen to get to the top of her profession. one of her greatest strengths is her ability to prioritize workloads to meet challenging deadlines. on a personal level she has the ability to build relationships in a multi-cultural environment and across various offices. right now she wants to join a company who are keen to add an intelligent and enthusiastic individual to their finance department.
work experience
smiths accounts-birmingham
accountant 2013-06-present
responsible for the full range of financial reporting carried out within all the various departments within the company.
duties:
preparing quality and focused analytical reviews that support the financial reporting of the company.
implementing necessary changes required in finance operations across the company. analysing billing variances and investigating significant discrepancies. taking the lead role in all financial planning activities.
preparing monthly pandl and balance sheet reporting including commentary on all
material variances.
dealing with any queries from the auditors.
having regular interactions with senior financial officers across the company.
providing expert top level accounting advice to work colleagues.
ensuring that all accountings records comply with company and statutory
requirements.
maintaining balance sheet sub-ledgers and performing any monthly reconciliations.
company name-location
job title
employment dates 1.e. 2011-08-2013-06
key skills and competencies
fully qualified through accreditation via a recognised accountancy body. ad-hoc financial modelling and analysis.
conversant with financial software packages.
achieving finance objectives by having a flexible but goal-orientated approach.
academic qualifications
nuneaton university
bsc hons
accountant
coventry central college
a levels:
maths a english b technology b science 2008-2011
2005-2008
references - available on request.
day job.com
