
richard lochrie
1004 longhorn drive plano, tx 750239725279133 relochrie@verizon.net
accountant
talented and results-driven professional with experience in inventory control, business development, and staff supervision. proven abilities in tracking overhead costs, preparing invoices, and purchasing with sound understanding of generally accepted accounting principles gaap. broad knowledge of culinary/hospitality industry with demonstrated talents in staff training and development. valued team member respected for attention to detail and customer service talents.
general ledger accounting cost control accounts payable / receivable financial analysis cost accounting management information systems budgeting records management profit and loss leadership and team building ms office suite quickbooks
education and professional development
bachelor of science, accounting, western govemors university, salt lake city, ut 2010 member, institute of management accountants ima passed both parts of the cma exam
experience
aramark baylor heart hospital, plano, texas purchasing agent
2015 - present
purchased food and supplies for the nutrition services department through various vendors.
obtained quotes for capital purchases and hard goods.
reorganized and maintained storage areas to reduce inventory, expedite the flow of goods throughout the department, and improve working capital management.
generated and maintained various spreadsheets to track purchasing, identify trends, and reduce
waste.
reduced purchases by 3% while generating the same revenue as the previous year. holy cow, llc., dallas, texas bookkeeper
2014
prepared invoices on quickbooks for online and gourmet orders. assembled and prepared same orders for shipping through either usps or ups.
prepared sales orders from commercial customers purchase orders, and tracked those orders online using the shipper's pro numbers to ensure the proper timing for invoicing using the fob destination/shipping point principle.
"
coded vendor invoices and other receipts for input into quickbooks.
tracked inventory levels at remote warehouse and office storeroom where small online and gourmet orders were processed and shipped.
generated detailed sales reports and documentation for customer payment reconciliations through the customer's portal.
