
chandraiah
e-mail: chandrugcm@gmail.com,chandrucg29@gmail.com cell: +918971481308,
carrying 3 years of experience in accounts and finance related activities in various industries. keen to face challenges with an aim to increase knowledge, skill and efficiency. believe in team work towards achievement of the goals of the organization.
job status
2015-05 till today
accountant - knowledgefaber formally - growth praxis a twenty million company dealing with management business consultant and e-commerce and payments
▸ monitoring day-to-day vouchers both cash and bank
creating an invoice to the domestic and usa based clients
‣ updating the purchase and sales invoices after verification and deductions if any
booking expenses bills and employee reimbursement bills
preparation of bank reconciliation statement brs
collections of debtors outstanding and reconciliation of sundry debtors and creditors ledgers
to collect and file accounting documentation
to create regular, reliable and ration information to management
payment process- vendors payments as per defined terms and conditions and salary processing
➤ preparation of monthly professional tax returns and submission of the same along with proper tax computation to professional tax department
➤ taxation works- deduction of tds as per income tax act from the contractors, sub- contractors, consultants, professions and others and making the payments to the concerned department within due date.
assisting to auditor for finalization of books of accounts on time
2014-03 - 2015-04
accounts executive - saksham training and facility management pvt. ltd. bangalore. a startup company, dealing with skill development and training, partnering with national skill development corporation, and providing facility services tovariouscommercialorganisations.
➤ maintenance of accounts- accounting of financial transactions, g/l accounting, preparation of bank reconciliation, booking the revenue
payables: - verification of vendor bills, recording of transactions, cheque and online payments.
➤ receivables:-collection of outstanding payments, reconciliation of customer ledger
➤ processing employees:- reimbursement -travel expenses- bills verification, accounting and settlement, monthly salary
➤ preparations of weekly/monthly mis report as per tally erp.
