
E-mail: info@qwikresume.com
ROBERT SMITH
Staff Accountant
Phone: 0123-456-789
SUMMARY
Professional Staff Accountant with 15 years' experience supporting CEO/Owners with environments such as Service and Financial industries. Sincere, loyal and dedicated individual. A well-rounded finance professional with an in-depth understanding of the financial reporting, asset valuations, fund accounting, budgeting, financial analysis, and other corporate finance areas. I am available and eager to apply my dedication, strong analytical, quantitative and interpersonal skills to a Finance/Accounting position.
SKILLS
Quickbooks, Excel, Word, Accpac, Powerpoint, Access, Peachtree Accounting, ADP, Paychex WORK EXPERIENCE
Staff Accountant
ABC Corporation - 2010-02-Present
Maintaining accounts receivables preparing invoices, posting receipts, credit card transactions, collection calls and letters, running A/R aging reports and analysis.
Maintaining accounts payables matching purchase orders to the job, posting payables, preparing checks for payments, calling vendors for credit adjustments, maintaining credit applications and limits, collecting lien waivers, collecting and verifying the certificate of insurance, running A/P aging reports and analysis.
Managing payroll functions collecting, reviewing and entering employees daily time for job costing, job scorecard and labor tracking.
Preparing bi-weekly payroll, making 941, 940, state and city tax deposits.
Maintaining employee files, maintaining W-4, MO-4, and 1-9 forms and reporting, maintaining and reviewing H2B documentation.
Preparing monthly and quarterly payroll tax reports, verifying and preparing annual payroll tax retums and W-2s.
Reviewing all insurance policies annually and consider additional bids as the need requires.
Accountant
ABC Corporation - 2001-01-2007-03
Managed fixed assets which include entries for capitalizing, disposing and updating depreciation schedule along with FA register.
Maintained fixed asset schedules and depreciation reports for financial and tax reporting.
Maintained all cash accounts monthly bank reconciliation, line of credit, credit card transactions and reconciliations and cash flow projections.
Maintained, reviewed and prepared daily, monthly and annual division and consolidated financial statements balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement.
Managed, analyzed and reported to department heads profitability and variances.
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
