
robert jobseeker
11411 lake arbor way, apt. 1017 mitchellville, md 207215555555555
highly talented and accomplished accounting professional with extensive knowledge and experience
over 11 years of finance/accounting experience. familiar with accounting regulations and standards background in corporate and non-profit sectors.
professional experience
smithsonian institution, washington, dc contract accountant
adept at financial analysis and reporting
experience with a/p, ar, gl, and budgeting.
excellent verbal/written communication skills.
carry out reconciliation of multiple bank accounts for office of the comptroller.
review records from 2002 to present to verify accuracy of new accounting software.
2003-2007
responsible for multi-million dollar accounts, performing manual and automated reconcilement.
time life inc., alexandria, va
financial analyst
1998-2003
prepared monthly accounting entries and performed financial analyses for telemarketing group's income statements. compiled and delivered data from global offices to corporate headquarters in new york
carried out quarterly reporting of fixed assets, third-party acquisitions, and miscellaneous expenses. performed monthly closings, analyzed general ledger statements, and reconciled accounts against budget. assisted with preparation of budgets and forecasts up to $25 million and submitted to main office. reduced number of reports by consolidating and combining information. tracked domestic fixed assets.
the eurasia foundation, washington, dc
senior accountant 1995-1998
1993-1998
assisted controller in preparing monthly financial statements, carried out monthly reconciliations of bank accounts, and maintained general ledger for non-profit organization with $10 million in annual funding monitored cash flow, prepared required documentation to execute drawdowns on federal reserve letter of credit, ensured compliance with all federal regulations.
conducted periodic reviews of financial reports and related documentation.
supervised and trained junior accounting assistant in accounts payable processing and off-site field review of performance practices. managed organization's payroll.
previously held position of staff accountant from 1992-1995.
dga international, inc., washington, dc
staff accountant
1992-1993
performed classification, preparation, processing, and posting of invoices for 56 million transportation company. prepared and distributed all monthly client billings.
reconciled monthly bank statements, reviewed and approved all travel-related advance requests, monitored expense reports and reimbursement requests.
responsible for maintaining staff time sheets and carrying out billing of hours.
education and professional development
bs in accounting, north carolina aandt state university, greensboro, nc 1992
detecting and coping with hot spots in payroll
revisions to government circulars: a123 and a122
computer skills
windows, word, excel, wordperfect, adp, pay america, mip accounting system, peoplesoft, internet
