
shivani singh
criminal lawyer
9782522876
shivanisingh@gmail.com pune, india
66
a highly accomplished capable of analyzing complex research, data and documentation to prepare and represent individuals in sensitive cases. proficient in conducting research and analyzing a case to determine a probable outcome and devise an effective strategy to defend your client/s in court. adept in interpreting laws for clients and helping them to understand their legal options and aiming to resolve cases as quickly and favorably as possible. known for representing clients at arraignments, hearings, and court trials.
linkedin
employment history
criminal lawyer
infinity group
pune
2020-2022
organized trial preparation and support including witness lists, exhibits, and trial binders.
created and maintained organizational infrastructure for trial documents, cases, and research.
performed legal research; organized legal correspondence; prepared litigation documentation for a large international law firm; attended court hearings.
assisted large international commercial law firm by conducting extensive research, drafting legal arguments and document management for discovery.
provided legal advice, documentation and service to members in administrative procedures; criminal preliminary proceedings; and family law proceedings.
criminal lawyer
2018-2020
space consultant
pune
performed a variety of tasks needed to settle cases and assisted in the preparation of criminal cases for trial.
investigated criminal cases, through client interviews, witness interviews, scene visits, discovery review.
worked on six criminal cases in both federal and state courts as part of defense team.
achieved unprecedented sentences in high level criminal cases in federal district courts.
reviewed arrest reports regarding felony criminal cases, conducted preliminary hearings in magistrate court, and conducted probation revocation hearings.
education
llm criminal law
ils
pune
skills
languages
2020
ba llb
2019
national law university delhi
criminal law, personal injury and mass tort litigation, mediation / arbitration processes, client advocacy and trial preparation, complex negotiations, litigation strategy and management, settlement agreements, legal research and documentation, client management
english, hindi, german
certificate course in advanced criminal
litigation and trial advocacy
courses
nlsui
2020
