
CAROLE CHUN
122 Kismis Singapore 598063
+65-55512121
support@resumeedge.com
ACCOUNTANT
Audits Internal Controls - Reports
Meticulous, bilingual Professional with extensive experience at major accounting firms. Audit portfolio includes private and publicly held companies in diverse industries, including banking and manufacturing. Technically proficient in MS Excel/Word and the SCALA Business Solution. Excellent communicator who is fluent in English and Mandarin, conversant in Cantonese and Hokkien, and possesses working knowledge of Malay language. Strong teams working and multi-tasking skills, successfully completes projects within time and budget constraints. Attended the AIESEC Management Training Program Willing to relocate.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
LEVERPOL and SOLOMON, Singapore
Accountant
2000-2001
Supported outsourced financial services of Infineum, Singapore, a joint-venture between ExxonMobil Chemical Company, Shell Petroleum Company Ltd, and Shell Oil. Infineum is one of the market leaders in the development, manufacture, and sale of additives for petroleum fuels and lubricants. Directed activities of four staff members in the general ledger department.
Facilitated communication with the internal and external auditors.
Refined operational controls in the management reporting process.
Examined journal vouchers, general ledger reconciliations, and numerous analyses including PandL variance, inter-company accounts, and aging.
Generated monthly close of financial statements; prepared management reports concerning purchases, sales, and inventory.
Prepared submission of Exxon US Tax Conform Reporting package and various statutory reports and surveys. Assumed responsibility for resolving outstanding balance sheet items from 1999, including payroll-related accounts, suspense de accruals, and purchase reports on long outstanding orders; established more effective internal controls.
Accomplishments
-Awarded significant pay increases within an 18-month period for superior service. -Designed and developed a general ledger procedure manual.
- Enhanced productivity by automating the month-end reporting process.
ACCELLOR and DAMIEN, Singapose
Auditor
1997-1999
Audited a diverse portfolio, including private and publicly listed concerns involved in trading, investment holling, retail, manufacturing, and banking
Coordinated audit team activities to meet objectives within time constraints; mentored junior staff. Cenerated statutory accounts, management letters, and audit issues memoranda.
Accomplishments
-Established strategies to carry out comprehensive audit plans.
-Made recommendations for effective internal controls after careful examination of current system.
EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF LONDON, United Kingdom
Bachelor of Arts in Accounting and Financial Management, with Honors, 1997
TEACHER'S COLLEGE, Malaysia
South Australian Certificate of Education, 1994
INDEPENDENT HIGH SCHOOL, Malaysia
Unified Examination Certificate Equivalent to GCE 'A' Level, 1993
Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia Equivalent to GCE 'O' Level, 1992
