
Health Advocate ROBERT SMITH
Phone: 123 456 78 99 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: www.qwikresume.com
Linkedin:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road, Alabama.
Objective
As a Health Advocate, responsible for Working with Health Services Coordinator to implement the following health components throughout WCFD Early Childhood Programs general health, oral health, health education, and nutrition to ensure that all children and pregnant women receive the maximum health care as required by the State Statutes and Head Start Performance Standards.
Skills
Marketing Analyst, Campaign Management, Email Strategist, Communication.
Work Experience
Health Advocate
Finger Lakes Community Health - 2013-10 - 2020
Developed, set, and implemented class curriculums and programs for standalone and ongoing
classes.
Prepared from middle school to college, adults, professionals, and parents.
"
"
Collaborated with school educators and local agencies to create specific programs to fit the needs of students and clients.
Maintained these relationships to ensure successful programming.
Prepared and completed state reports relating to education and community outreach for reproductive health and insurance enrolment.
Assisted individuals to enroll in the New York State of Health enroll in Qualified Health Plans and assist eligible individuals to enroll in Medicaid.
Educated the public on the benefits of health insurance and what health insurance provides for individuals and families.
Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2008-2013
Reviewed and adjudicated medical and hospital claims to meet stated contractual deadlines. for Medicare and Medicaid carriers.
Maintained contractual and regulatory quality standards of 98% financial accuracy and 97% procedural accuracy through internal systems to insure.
Technical Skills Keystone Mercy Health Plan internal claims systems, advanced user of
Microsoft Office Products.
Provides all-care support for individuals with Alzheimers for their families.
.
Plans activities to keep individuals engaged and excited Provides meal plans and prepares food for individuals Advocates for individuals with their..
and takes them into consideration when it comes to diet and exercise.
Supervise social activities of dementia and the Alzheimer client, and assist in promoting the quality of life in clients.
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Guidelines
