
care advocate i
robert smith
phone: 123 456 78 99 email: info@qwikresume.com website: www.qwikresume.com linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume address: 1737 marshville road,
alabama
objective
experienced private duty manager/provider with experience in multiple settings: at home, in nursing facilities and in hospitals secking a rewarding position.
skills
intellectual disabilities, outpatient clinic setting.
work experience
care advocate i
abc corporation - 2010-03- 2011-12
.
initiated both telephonic and face-to-face outreach to a caseload of medica accessability solutions.
conducted needs assessments, developing care plans, and providing case management. reviewed utilization and level of care guidelines to process provider and member requests for
service.
. promoted collaboration between providers across levels of care and advocating for members needs.
participated in the mn care advocacy centers crisis triage line to aid members with both commercial and government plans.
served as a senior clinician on a team of care advocates during a period of department expansion.
assisted clinical program managers in streamlining assessment and care plan tools.
care advocate
delta corporation - 2007 - 2010
this position provided customer service transactions, including but not limited to; equipment troubleshooting, call handling, billing, service and.
handled own customer escalations and minimized transfers.
receive and coordinate all incoming calls for appropriate service educate providers and plan participants on benefits of provider network conducts.
rn case manager performing telephonic review at computer-based managed care organization for medical necessity of treatment for mental health and.
case manager.
crisis intervention specialist for uhg members.
work directly with facilities to obtain clinical and provide authorizations for impatient mental health and substance abuse treatment.
education
master of arts in counseling psychology - bethel university - saint paul, mn
this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
