
anna gunther
senior accountant
anna@novoresume.com
1412 987 567
north richland hills, tx linkedin.com/in/anna.gunther in
certified public accountant with a history of accurately and efficiently supporting accounting activities for a diverse range of clientele. 10+ years of experience in presenting data, analyzing cost control, providing financial reports, and delivering profit and loss statements under time pressures. achievements include saving kcr steel corp. $252,000 by fixing a tax-reporting
error.
areas of expertise
growth expansion strategies
budgeting and forecasting
public accounting
strong analytic intervention
cost reduction strategies
payroll tax accounting
expense account variance
financial planning and strategy
work experience
senior accountant
sweet oranges technology company
03/2018-present
—
-
-
achievements/tasks
north richland, tx
manage accounting activities to ensure compliance with accounting principles, policies, and external audits.
prepare accurate, timely financial reports of company expenditures following the established schedule.
review and analyze the balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statements, and variance narratives.
establish new fund distribution rules to define and standardize key metrics and tolerances for all levels.
monitor the status of transactions and coding structures to ensure alignment with company policy and guidelines. drive the agency key metrics, reporting process, and data gathering by maintaining accounting database.
accountant
kcr steel corp.
03/2014-02/2018
achievements/tasks
- oversaw the company's general account operations by strategically controlling and verifying financial transactions. saved $252,000 by fixing a tax-reporting error.
- established controls and processes to perform general ledger work for the month, quarter, and year-end.
- reviewed and analyzed preliminary financial statements and month-end reports to with 100% accuracy. reviewed accounts payable and invoice listing to confirm validity and to conduct of budget update as necessary. analyzed the viability of establishing a more efficient accounting process to ensure effective execution of functions.
-
accountant
five brothers marketing corporation
02/2009-02/2014
achievements/tasks
- collected and analyzed clients' data and financial transactions documenting accounting control procedures. maintained financial records and ensure proper recording of operations required to the financial workflow.
austin, tx
- ensured process compliance and accomplish other tasks relevant to monetary policies, regulations, and legislation. managed the development and improvement from a handbook system to a computerized environment.
produce profit and loss statements and other financial reports, including audit vendor list price.
prepared month-end balance sheet reconciliations including but not limited to recording transactions, creating reports, tracking income, and checking expense figures for accuracy and legitimacy.
