
advocate
robert smith
phone: 123 456 78 99 email: info@qwikresume.com website: www.qwikresume.com
linkedin:
linkedin.com/qwikresume
address: 1737 marshville road, alabama.
objective
hospital medical biller and collector seek to utilize education and skills in healthcare management environment. career highlights include becoming the leading customer service representative and motivational leader to lead diverse group or individuals to meet the mission, vision, and goals of your organization. academic background focuses on human resources management and strategy planning.
skills
typing, data entry, customer service, microsoft office.
work experience
advocate
mahalani street - 2014-08 - present
advocate to colleagues inquiry regarding billing to execute clean claim submission.
answer phone calls received throughout the day.
"
negotiate with insurance company on resolution to getting claims paid on timely manner.
review medical claims for clean claim submission to prevent reimbursement delay.
address concerns and issues to superiors when needed for further assistance and clarifications.
analyze generated reports for follow-up.
correspond to correspondence coming from insurance.
advocate
united - 2011-2014
answer incoming phone calls from healthcare providers i.e
physicians offices, clinics and idenhual fy the type of assistance the provider needs l.e
.
.
benefit and eligibility, billing and payments, authorizahual ons for treatment and explanahual on of benefits eobs
communicahuai on with clients concerning open enrollment ophual ons
focus on resolving issues on the first call, navigate through the appropriate computer systems to idenhual fy the current status of the issue and provide appropriate response to caller
deliver all informahuai on and ques hual ons in posihual ve, conversahuai onal and compassionate manner to facilitate developing relahual onship with the provider, while providing the best client experience complete the documentahuai on necessary to track provider issues and facilitate the reporhual ng of over all trends meet the performance goals established for the posihual on in the areas of efficiency, call quality, provider sahual sfachuai on, and first call resoluhual on
metric system experience
education
© this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage
guidelines
