
ROBERT SMITH
Community Health Advocate
info@qwikresume.com LinkedIn Profile Qwikresume.com
Seeking a growth-oriented position utilizing current skills in customer service and with the opportunity to expand skills.
EXPERIENCE
Community Health Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2006-08 - 2011-07
Established a personal plan focusing on educating health plan members on the benefits of completing required health screenings. Manged health plan population through following a standardized call script to help complete the scheduling of health screenings
Assisted consumers procession thought the stages of behavioral changes.
Able to empathize, motivates, and encourages people towards healthy changes, regardless of cultures, religion, and economic background.
Solved complex problems and develops innovative solutions to meet/exceed the needs of the health plan member.
Built a strong understanding of the medical/insurance industry. Communicated by phone in a professional and friendly manner.
Health Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2001 - 2006
.
Per diem position as a Biometric Screener, measure vitals, measure glucose and cholesterol levels by performing capillary puncture.
Primary resposiblity to Review claims for members meet criteria on a monthly high dollar claims.
Our goal is to direct them to programs for additional assistance if needed and to make sure all claims are in accordance with their benefit matrix.
Being an advocate you can have an immediate impact by speaking to providers on the members behalf and making sure claims are reconsidered taking the.
Skills Used Interpersonal phone skills, being organized making sure information was tracked in excel daily, and the health axis claims tracking.
My responsibility was to go to hospitals or dinics and talk to people who would come In To visit or is a patient at the hospital or clinic about.
Advise Doctors and participants about covered procedures and benefit under members insurance plans.
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
