
member advocate iii
robert smith
phone: 123 456 78 99 email: info@qwikresume.com website: www.qwikresume.com linkedin: linkedin.com/qwikresume address: 1737 marshville road,
alabama
objective
seeking challenging member advocate position with opportunities to learn new skills and hone current ones.
skills
microsoft office, customer service, hospitality. people management.
work experience
member advocate iii
abc corporation - 2012-08 - 2015-10
worked inquiries via web and telephone helping customers understand their healthcare insurance benefits and claims.
acted as concierge assisting customers with transferring medical records, setting appointments, and locating providers.
prepared claim adjustments for services that were processed incorrectly.
.
recognized for outstanding customer service going above and beyond the normal customer service representative,
over exceeded production and met numbers that were required for the position.
assisted with new trainees questions and concerns.
used advanced level computer skills utilized daily.
member advocate
delta corporation - 2009 - 2012
greeting members handling cash and coins having good attitude always smiling handling checks following procedures depositing and withdrawing money.
investigated andamp; resolved member inquiries, complaints, andamp; grievances in customer service call center served as liaison between the population, 3.000.
handled accounts for members and advised them of policy information.
worked over the phone with members, doctors, specialist on getting the problem fixed.
inbound and outbound customer support.
responsible for providing service and solutions for credit union members by utilizing excellent, in-depth knowledge of company products, departments.
specialized in identifying and troubleshooting issues surrounding the conversion to chip- enabled visa debit andamp; credit cards.
education
mba in human resources management - 2010south university - savannah, ga
this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
