
areas of expertise
contract negotiations
commercial law
nondisclosure agreements preparing legal briefs statutory obligations negotiating civil disputes
supervise legal assistants
interpreting laws
professional
advanced first aider
french speaker
fluent german speaker
personal skills
attention to detail
confident
tactful and articulate
having common sense
personal details
lawyer resume
personal summary
an articulate, focused professional who has proven history of gathering and analysing information and then using the results of that analysis to make effective decisions and find innovative solutions to legal problems. karen possesses strong post qualification experience which allows her to play an important and visible role in all areas of her profession. she has superb communication skills which are vital when meeting and interviewing clients to establish her firm's suitability to provide the necessary advice and services to them. right now she is ready for new and exciting challenge and is looking forward for suitable position with driven and dynamic market leading legal firm.
work experience
legal firm-birmingham lawyer
2010-06- present
responsible for not only handling personal caseloads but also assisting other partners in high value complex cases. also in charge of preparing and drafting legal documents, such as wills, deeds, patent applications, mortgages, leases, and contracts.
duties:
drafting and negotiating all legal documents for range of uk and international clients. advising clients on commercial contracts and agreements, company law and corporate compliance.
attending and representing clients at magistrates and county courts.
planning and organising workloads in order to meet business priorities.
managing the commercial and intellectual property aspects in due diligence. settling disputes and supervising any agreements.
interpreting laws, rulings and regulations.
drafting, reviewing and negotiating contracts with third party suppliers.
educating and advising internal departments around legal requirements.
presenting and summarizing cases to judges and juries.
solicitors office-coventry
lawyer 2010-04 2010-06
key skills and competencies
proven ability to solve problems in methodical and practical way.
ability to communicate persuasively and clearly, both orally and in writing.
self motivated and proven ability to work well as part of team.
highly skilled and negotiating and debating.
effective management of external advisors on any project.
studying statutes, decisions, regulations, and ordinances of quasi-judicial bodies to determine the ramifications for cases.
evaluating findings and developing strategies and arguments in preparation for presentation of cases.
