 john doe 123 main road city, province 00000 1234567890 john.doe@email.com targeting the following opportunity: litigation lawyer dedicated, versatile, and detail-oriented litigation associate with jd from university name and significant experience in tort and accident benefits. proven ability to accurately execute variety of legal and administrative functions. able to effectively juggle several tasks concurrently while always meeting all requirements and deadlines. reliable team member who demonstrates effective communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills to establish and maintain professional ties with clients, colleagues, and senior personnel. known for displaying high ethical standards, integrity, and confidentiality while always exceeding expectations independently or as part of team. ✓ legal research ✓ drafting and summarizing core skills include: ✓ stakeholder liaison problem solving ✓ coverage and liability tort and accident benefits client services ✓ articling and databases ✓ mediation memos multitasking and prioritization ✓ team player education ms office suite and primafact juris doctor university name, city, province 2012 personal injury advocacy course: performed mock trial as both defense and prosecution; delivered opening statements, interviewed various experts and actual victims, and received high grade for the project bachelor of arts, specialized honours university name, city, province 2009 graduated as member of the dean's honour roll with specialized honours bachelor of arts in kinesiology and health sciences. professional work experience student-at-law company name, city, province 2012-08 to 2013-06 gained extensive litigation experience in tort and accident benefits including both plaintiff and defence work, and property law. became proficient in drafting mediation letters with little to no editing needed from senior lawyers. drafted pleadings, mediation briefs, pre-trial memorandums, and motion materials; highlighted strengths researched and drafted initial opinion letters concerning issues of coverage, liability, and damages . . assisted in litigation preparation through research for potential courses of action in novel area of law appeared on successful motions and status hearings before the province superior court of justice attended discoveries and mediations, summarized documents, and liaised with clients and opposing counsel performed legal research and reviewed case law and fact scenario letters from insurance companies shadowed senior lawyers and coordinated with wide variety of stakeholders on daily basis key accomplishment: ✓ performed extensive lawsuit and injunction research for major case regarding auto mechanics withholding vehicles from clients; successfully laid the groundwork for lawsuit and received praise from us client
