 robert smith patient advocate phone: 0123-456-789 email: info@qwikresume.com website: qwikresume.com summary to obtain position where can apply my skills in any health care facility, with an opportunity to promote with in the company. core competencies microsoft office, personnel management, process improvement, training and development, case management, health education, sales, report preparation, records management, conflict management, project management, advocacy, electronic medical records, recruiting. professional experience patient advocate abc corporation - 2012-02 - 2014-11 key deliverables: interview patients or their representatives to identify problems relating to care. coordinate communication between patients, family members, medical staff, administrative staff, or regulatory agencies. maintain knowledge of community services and resources available to patients. refer patients to appropriate health care services or resources. investigate and direct patient inquiries or complaints to appropriate medical staff members and follow up to ensure satisfactory resolution. explain policies, procedures, or services to patients using medical or administrative knowledge. collect and report data on topics such as patient encounters and inter-institutional problems, making recommendations for change when appropriate. patient advocate medical capital recovery - 2007 - 2012 key deliverables: determined coverage options at the emergency room for patients without health insurance. third party collector for hospital. called insurance companies to verity coverage. screened patients over the phone and at the emergency room for government assistance with medical payments. called oag crime victims dept. and local office to follow up with patients application process. worked on medicaid, medicare, chip, crime victims, aandd, ssi and rsdi cases. managed an average of 50 accounts per day... education 2259 oak street, old forge, new york, 13420 this free resume template is the copyright of qwikresume.com. usage guidelines
