
Mira Jones
354 Sharpe St Basin City, UT 84003 Cell: 555.322.7337 example-emal@example.com
Summary
Innovative and successful Attomey, highly effective at developing creative case strategies and writing persuasive briefs. Thrives in dynamic environments and quickly adapts to the ever-changing demands of the legal field. Detail-oriented, conscientious, and organized with years experience achieving favorable outcomes in court cases. Well versed in trial preparation, research, and drafting legal documents. Tackles cases with tenacity and an analytical mindset.
Court procedures
.
Document review
. Contract negotiation
Regulatory compliance
Highlights
Trademark and patent licensing
Accomplishments
Skilled mediator
Exceptional negotiator Outstanding public speaker
Professional and personable Strong leader
Successfully defended automotive manufacturer in preliminary injunction proceedings and District Court appeal.
Obtained favorable settlements in 75% of cases.
Volunteered with Legal Aid of Utah for 32 hours per month, including numerous "ask a lawyer
events.
Experience
2012-10 to Current
2004-07 to
2012-09
Basin City Beat Basin City, UT
General Legal Counsel
Develop and implement legal strategies for website content.
Counsel on laws and liabilities for music hosting and artist services.
Evaluate data involving assets, income, expenditures, and surpluses.
Structure contracts and agreements with clients, vendors, and employees.
Determine applicable laws for issues such as real estate purchases and licensing of content.
Caldwell Law Firm
Basin City, UT
Attorney
Retained as outside counsel for companies and businesses.
Investigated complaints of retaliatory and discriminatory employment practices.
Developed detailed litigation strategies for each case.
Selected jurors, argued motions, and met judges during the course of a trial.
Presented and summarized cases to both judges and juries.
Filed appeals in state and federal courts of appeal.
Analyzed data to test compliance with all legal reporting regulations. Drafted and amended complaints.
2004
Northwestern University
St. Louis, MO
Education
