
ROBERT SMITH
Sr. Member Advocate
Phone: 0123-456-789 Email: info@qwikresume.com Website: Qwikresume.com
SUMMARY
To obtain a position where skills and experience can be effectively utilized as well as challenged by new learning opportunities that are available.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Microsoft Office, Management.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sr. Member Advocate
Amerigroup- Anthem - 2006 - 2020
Key Deliverables:
Served as an advocate for the member and liaison between the health plan and providers to ensure availability and access to care,
Established a community presence, promote member education, identify and resolve any systemic barriers that limit members access to appropriate care.
Researched claims, authorizations and referrals for plan members to ensure correct claim payments and physician approvals.
Resolved plan members and providers escalated complaints in a timely manner to help regain confidence in company services.
Coordinated the delivery of member handbooks, provider directories, and any other educational material to plan members as necessary.
Performed business analysis for Medicare Application Processing in SalesForce.
Analyzed, track and reported data from daily submissions between enrollment and efficiency reports for accuracy of compensation and any discrepancies of applications for the accuracy of final compensation of eligibility.
Member Advocate
Delta Corporation-2012-2016
Key Deliverables:
Inbound calling, take payments, customer service, place order for prescriptions, contact doctors office, fix customers issues, explain how their
Skills Used typing skills, gramer, vocabulary, patiance,
Deliver friendly and professional customer service over the phone Managed bank accounts Took extreme steps for members and their happiness Filed and
Took calls for Medicare patients and assisted them with all their prescriptions, mail order issues, and plan changes.
Inbound/Outbound calls Customer Support Card services Windows 7,
Inbound customer service representative.
Help member live healthier lives.
2259 Oak Street, Old Forge, New York, 13420
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
