
E-mail: info@qwikresume.com
ROBERT SMITH
Jr. Child Advocate
Phone: 0123-456-789
SUMMARY
Talented early education professional with diverse experience in planning and implementing various activities for promoting physical, social, emotional and intellectual growth of children. As child advocate am capable of remaining calm under pressure when dealing with children who are going through troubles while continuing to keep the group setting light and playful.
Bilingual, Customer Service, Mac, Word, Excel.
SKILLS
WORK EXPERIENCE
Jr. Child Advocate
ABC Corporation - 2015-02- 2016-03
Managed a large caseload of over 35 children, ensured they received all necessary services, ensured their safety and well-being.
Worked with adult parents and ensured they completed court ordered tasks to regain custody of their children.
Attended all court hearings and testified to purents progress in their case and to childs safety.
Actively worked to do whatever needed to be done to move the child from where they were to the best possible outcome in the shortest possible time during the intake and placement process.
Created legal court documents for hearings and submitted all documents in a timely manner. Performed home visits at childrens homes to assure the safety and well being of the children.
Supervised court ordered visits for parents and children to make sure everything was safe and appropriate.
Child Advocate
CASA Paulding-2010-2015
Advocate through the juvenile court system for the wants and needs of foster children.
Meet once monthly at a minimum with children and foster parents to assess the wellbeing and development of the child.
Make recommendations to the court regarding care, happiness, and needs of the child in care based on parent plan progress,
Develop plans for parents to work to remedy the reason surrounding the childs removal from the home and any other obstacles that may come to light through the course of proceedings.
Discover previously unknown resources to help children have happier lives and gain life skills that were not being met or taught.
Bring hope, help, and happiness to children and families through my personal experiences that are relevant to their current situations.
Skills Used Critical thinking, open-mindedness, creative problem solving, attention to detail.
This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com, Usage Guidelines
