
Robert Smith
Domestic Violence Victim Advocate
CONTACT DETAILS
1737 Marshville Road, Alabama
1234567899 info@qwikresume.com www.qwikresume.com
PERSONAL STATEMENT
Providing crisis intervention assistance to victims of domestic violence and other related crimes. Assuring appropriate prosecution of offenders; performing tasks related to the prosecution of persons charged with domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking crimes; work is performed in an office and courtroom environment.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Domestic Violence Victim Advocate Lee Conlee House Inc
Responsibilities.
2012-06 -2021
Knowledged of social service resources and agencies in the community. Knowledged of effective communication and motivation practices.
Prepared and maintained accurate and complete case notes and client records.
Planned, organized, and prioritized work in order to accomplish work in compliance with quality standards and deadlines.
Built and maintained effective and professional working relationships. Met attendance requirements.
Read, wrote, and communicated the English language.
Domestic Violence Victim Advocate
Delta Corporation - 2011-2012
Responsibilities:
Assisted low-income victims of domestic violence through the process of obtaining a CPO at the Domestic Violence Intake Center of the DC Superior.
Contacting up to 120 victims per month to offer services, referrals, and safety planning Aiding clients in navigating the criminal justice system. Non-profit serving victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, and elder abuse in San Diego County Domestic Violence Victim Advocate. Answered crisis calls, screened and assessed victims and their children. provided short-term therapy.
Trained newly hired personnel and developed and provided recurring training to employees.
Non-profit serving victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, and elder abuse in San Diego County Domestic Violence Victim Advocate. Working with the State of Washington served as a liaison under the Prosecuting Attorney and the Witness Protection Department in Centralia.
Education
BA
SKILLS
Spanish, Violence.
LANGUAGES
English Native French Professional Spanish Professional
INTERESTS
Climbing
Snowboarding
Cooking
Reading
REFERENCES
Reference 1 Company Name Reference - 2 Company Name
© This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines
